Meeting Title: Interview with Sourcegraph
Date: Jun 29
Meeting participants: Greco Sebastian, Schedule

Transcript:

Them: This meeting is being recorded. Hey Sebastian, how's it going?  
Me: Hello doing good how are you?  
Them: Great to meet you. Thanks for hopping on. How's your day?  
Me: Doing good almost almost ending how is there what time is it?  
Them: 11 o'clock in the morning for me.  
Me: Okay.  
Them: So let's get started. Yeah. But yeah, great to connect. Obviously I'm excited to make this connection and get a chance to talk to the position and what we're looking for in a little more detail. And of course here a little bit more about you too. I'm happy to start with my own background, if that be helpful, and then I'll pass over to you if that's all right.  
Me: That's great thank you.  
Them: Awesome. So I'm Dan, I'm CEO at Searchgraph. I have actually been part of the company now for my 10 year anniversary is actually next month. So it's coming up. Time has really flown. I joined in 2016. And for me, it's sort of been. It's a connection okay, by the way?  
Me: Yes sorry it's good you see me all right?  
Them: Yeah, I just saw a little.  
Me: Okay no I was yeah did you say a CEO?  
Them: Yes CEO.  
Me: Okay okay I wasn't expecting to talk with the CEO today but that's amazing.  
Them: Yeah, I'm I'm the hiring manager for this position so you'd be reporting to me in this role. Yeah, we've gone through a lot of change recently but for right now engineering management reports directly to me. And I'm very heavily involved in product direction.  
Me: Oh. Wow.  
Them: So yeah I've been here at the company for 10 years now I've been in sort of every single role at the company coding data engineering operations sales support success I've done a little bit of all of it. And you know for the last sort of five years leading up to the amp and source graph split I assume you know a little bit about that at this point.  
Me: No.  
Them: Okay so for many years I sort of the acting as coo cfo type role for years leading up to it and then late last year actually the company spun out spit out a part of the company a business called amp which was our coding agent product is now an independent company and source graph the business you know here is you know very much focused on helping the large companies the largest code bases in the world really understand and control them and so our mission sort of consistent now with what we've been doing for the last decade. And yeah in my you know in my new role obviously I'm excited about the the future of the company and where we're going and we've got a ton on the roadmap but in our engineering organization you know we just need more help right we're we're very much short staffed and having another leader who can help really drive forward some of our agentic products that sort of build on top of source graph as a platform is really critical part of our story. So hence these conversations and yeah happy to answer any questions you have.  
Me: Maybe I will introduce myself a ton of about my background and and then yeah I can I can ask you a few questions after you you do yours.  
Them: Yeah. Let's say questions on your side let's say time for questions on your side till the end I'll save 10 minutes for anything you may want to ask me.  
Me: Okay amazing that's that's great okay so so I'm Sebastian I'm Argentinian actually I have been living in Italy for the past 10 years now so my story with the development and software engineering I started very early I started coding when I was 12 years old and I think I haven't stopped I think once one year I stopped but but since then I have been doing that my whole life so in professionally I've been working as a software engineer one way or another for the past 19 years and and yeah lately my latest experience of riverside I don't know you know the company I started their very early startup we were 20 in total and basically six developers and when I left the company last August we were 300 something and 110 in the engineering so I grew there from from a full stack engineer to engineer manager to what we call there a group lead or senior engineer manager so I was basically handling four different teams plus the QA team that was in my group basically so yeah so so my experience is a bit it's a bit a lot of intern okay and temperament ship this word is complicated so I started having my my own digital agency no I did some works but so long ago so my own digital agency I run that for around 11 years we had an office in Buenos Aires when I was there employees and clients from different countries we did a bit of everything digital agency you know we do it websites mobile apps a bit of everything and then at some point me and my partner decided to like close that part and focus on our own startup so we founded stream mix and we spent three years on that three mix like many other startups didn't make it but it was great so remix was basically a product that was.  
Them: Thanks.  
Me: Video. Production in the cloud you basically could import a lot of yeah video so live video webRTC when we did this webRTC was just landing and being accepted in all browser browsers so we did this we did a native app etc etc and we push it we have clients we have a few big clients especially during the covid we we had people like reporting and doing this with big clients here in Italy and Netherlands etc but then at some point the the company wasn't working that well and I got reached by Riverside which is a video podcast company it's very big today so yeah I started working there I have a lot of experience coming from video transcoding webRTC a lot of that knowledge got easily transferred there and and yeah I saw I saw these small company small product grow quite a lot and and I focus very much in backend and those places I can go deeper if you want I don't know. How much detail you want but. Yeah.  
Them: So why did you leave riverside what ended up happening?  
Me: So so basically I think it was my I felt like I have close a chapter of my life to be honest I work there four and a half years it was an amazing ride and and I had a lot of fun but at the end I I wasn't I wasn't getting the excitement that I was getting at the beginning and there were some changes in the company that.  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: I wasn't really excited anymore I had a really good relationship with the CEO I actually help interview the VP of engineering twice there but yeah some some things went to a direction that I didn't feel it and I was already a bit close in there so I left when this is the conversation I have with the CEO when I when I told him that I was leaving that I think it's better for me to live in a good place that just live when I wasn't doing doing good job anymore so I took it took a sabbatical actually I took a sabbatical till now. Basically started looking for a job two months ago something like that. Yeah.  
Them: Makes sense and what do you know about source graph why what potentially interests you about source graph.  
Me: Guys have a really good product like it's I don't I never tried honestly but I didn't knew the company to be honest I was just looking. For for opportunities and this came up and I went to see the product and what you guys doing and of course I have been in my sabbatical doing a lot of work with the eye and playing all the things that I could play with of course I had so much time to do those kind of things and one of my my my worries is I'm doing all this in in my own projects in a small things and it's easy for me to push this forward but how a workflow like this will work in a huge distribution.  
Them: Ics. Cool. Yeah.  
Me: And code base right and when I saw what you guys were doing and how you transform also I think you were like a searching tool right you have a lot of that's what you were initially with Swap and now with the agents creating mcps in the CLI is now and all these features to give all this power to not consume the whole context but have very good things to to agents sounds to me like and also so like you are selling only to very big companies I believe because so the pricing there so it's very premium kind of thing so I think it's a niche very needed I guess very big I saw your clients are huge clients by the way so yeah I do believe it's an amazing I have a lot of questions how you do a lot of things but yeah I guess that is another thing but yeah.  
Them: Sure. Can I ask have you actually so you said you're experimenting with AI products coding product a lot which is cool have you ever like built. With like an AI product like an agent product before.  
Me: But put that into why I'm saying yes so in Riverside another team created our agent and I wasn't involved in that development to be honest just as a group lead of the platform team I had some intervention how they authenticated from our microservices etc to do some tool calling that they wanted to do but I haven't that experience what I did do is a small application you can find it online I can send you now.  
Them: Okay. Do it?  
Me: I did this while I was doing it only works with what's up and I know that it's not a big thing in in the US but yeah basically.  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: What?  
Them: I use it sometimes we have a lot of customers in the in they use WhatsApp I use it too.  
Me: Yeah okay yeah yeah or Latin America yes of course so basically you can you can send questions to to these for legal reasons and it will give you a grounded response from the sources the legal sources of Spain why I choose pain I was experimenting I wanted to do different things and basically this is Spain is one of the places also Spanish speaking that has the best way to get the information of the grounded rules and rulings from previous things so you can send a message and you have a free tier you can buy actually I never promoted it I did it end to end because I don't like not to do it end to end because you miss parts okay so but you could buy this thing okay as it is today but yeah so this is my experience it's a very small agent it will it has some context.  
Them: In South America. Yep. Cool. Yeah. Yeah.  
Me: There are a few things there to be honest I I had another one that was doing something a bit more complex using a database and rack database this doesn't do that this use break for using I don't know brave llm so you can it's a tool so you can basically get grounded from specific websites like all those websites that are there and it gets you the information the thing that I'm doing here is context caching for some of the documents that I'm using so I don't if I do some loops on the on the prompts I don't spend so much on tokens basically so I get a discount but yeah it's a very small thing.  
Them: Cool.  
Me: Yeah.  
Them: What so okay so you have built an agent this is cool I love it you built it before you built these sort of products this role this like what this team the code playing team as we call it is really building is like a lot of end is like a lot of products that use the source graph code you know code base index code search engine underneath the hood to then go use it for various you know software development life cycle use cases so like our batch changes product which is how do you make changes across not just one place but 10,000 repositories at once how do you go make that change fan out across all of them and so there's a lot of like agent products that this team is now building and owning the use source graph tools under the hood to then go deliver you know some sort of product and so as someone who has built an agent sorry go ahead.  
Me: Okay okay. No I was wondering so this is only using bad changes this team is only a responsible because the description of the oh sorry I lost you there the description was saying also other it was saying MCP but I'm guessing only the part of the batch changes for the mcp and the CLI and the entire thing okay.  
Them: Yeah. This team owns a lot more than just batch changes that's just a good example of like something we're working on right now that's sort of an agent that sits on top of the source graph platform the source graph code base index and but yes everything that exposes source graph products to the world mcp CLI surface area products like batch changes code monitors code insights and more these are not you're not working on this is not the team that owns code search under the hood this is the team that owns the products that are sort of sitting on top of it if that makes sense and exposing it.  
Me: Yeah.  
Them: Other products.  
Me: Yeah.  
Them: And so it's a lot of agent products it's a lot of tools for agents so knowing how agents work being really familiar with what makes agents great and so on that really matters for this role. So let me ask you a question having as someone who's built one you may have an opinion here what makes an agent great an agent product great.  
Me: Guess you're talking if you you're saying product is for the user.  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: I guess part of what I did here is what I think is important for an agent which is. The responses that you have from the agent needs to be as as much because it's not like llms are not deterministic okay so the thing that you can change is a problem and if you want to sell a product that is that that's why I did this grounded results and then you can get the results and and have the part that is changed and give you a link where this is the full picture of what it took so grounded responses I think is one of the things I would say makes a good agent and if you do it again it will get very very very similar like 99 of the time is impossible right because as an agent it will call different tools but the tools that you do needs to try to steer the response where it needs to be steered. I think that that is a good thing and depending on the on the ruling also if it remembers things or not that's something that you might want how much it remembers of the previous conversational different ones as a user that I find that useful sometimes and it's like I don't know how the expression is like a sword that it has. Two like because having context from previous think and pollute also what you're talking with the agent so that is more complicated I will leave but sometimes it's good to have sometimes is a problem as well.  
Them: Makes sense?  
Me: Okay.  
Them: Anything else you'd say about like what makes a great product and in fact feel free to if you have any ideas of like or any experience with agent products that you've used that have been really great or really not great I'd love to hear that. Like code around coding tools is a great area but not just those like if there's something else out there that you've used.  
Me: I guess what I can say thinking on coding tools is. I'm going to go in a direction maybe it's not the direction you're looking for but it's also saying okay how specialized is this agent for what I'm doing right so you have in encoding you have different agents that can do different things one can be the one that is understanding the current code base. The other one is could be the ones that checks the documentation and what are the latest themes and the other one is very focused on your code review and it needs to go to very strict guidelines of what a good code would be. So having a good let's say system prompt that shapes the agent to the task that is asked to do is also something that I think is good and when I'm when I'm working with coding tools I have been playing a lot with open code because it allows me to switch from different different models and different providers and things like that and I'm using different tools that allows me to have these agents that are very specific things that I want to achieve basically.  
Them: There. Okay cool so let me ask you then thinking about a product that we would build for our customers which like you mentioned earlier are very very large companies with the largest and most complex code bases in the world right so imagine you were building an agent product for a massive scale code base think 100,000 to a million repositories that have to be you know operated over to go answer a question to go make a change across or whatever so imagine you were building a batch changes style agent that basically had to orchestrate a library update across thousands of repositories at once. And obviously cannot hold all of that in its context window at one time. How would you think about like architecturally making that operation work? As an agent. Yeah and and don't go you don't have to think about this at too deep of like the technical level right like trying to get a sense for how you what techniques you might use to go solve this.  
Me: But you're asking the aging part because the agent part is is basically using tools of the orexisting infrastructure. I'm asking and probably you're you're trying to get what is behind that right what how do you go and spawn all these workers to change all these files at the same time.  
Them: Yeah so imagine you have an agent.  
Me: For me there's an infrastructure also right yeah imagine you have an agent you were saying sorry.  
Them: No yeah I mean if it was you know run a search get the results back and then let's say there's so many results that you can't hold that in your context window what are you gonna do about that problem? You have to go update all of those to the next version but there's you know thousands of results in that search what are you gonna do about that. And you mentioned spawn sub workers. That's interesting.  
Me: So what I would what I would do is first and mostly have these saved somewhere that you can get it back again so some kind of memory for the agent to go back so it doesn't consume all of it and of course you you can also spawn multiple agents to do the work at the same time but in this case it's very once you find the things that you need to replace is not an llms work it's a very deterministic job that you need to do at this scale I would say you need to spawn. Hundreds of workers to do something like this I would use something like a temporal worker maybe and have these things have these actions very specific so if something fails you can redo those those are frameworks that are done specifically to do these kind of things in parallel as well because this might need to do it in parallel and work without and and also you can restart it from any point of view. So we use something like that. I wasn't in that part but in riverside we had very big transcoding jobs and things like that. So we had our temporary workflows and we use it to do this kind of operations. I imagine this would be something very similar. I would go, my research would go on that direction to be honest because it's a huge scale like.  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: I don't know yeah okay.  
Them: Okay. Makes it everything you just described makes sense yeah it's a it's a complicated problem.  
Me: Oversimplified a lot right now but yeah yes.  
Them: Yeah makes sense. Cool what do you personally as a like leader right as a manager or a manager of managers what do you personally love to do individually versus delegate to the team.  
Me: I love how. One thing I learned that I loved in this past four five years in Riverside is. That I really like is being involved in the architecture and the technical decisions this role I had it very grounded in this company because I was one of the six first developers there as well right so I had some knowledge about the platform that that was. Needed sometimes so I did this in my own teams of course but I also did it in different other teams and and being that that that's something I like I like to go there and hear what they have how they do it and give my point of view or sometimes the constraints that I think that are needed for certain things and and yeah I think in general I don't have a task that is a I love to do this I like. I like challenging problems. I enjoy those problems and solving it if it's with code it is if it's with a good architecture is a good architecture it's not like I have a preference because of that I get a lot of satisfaction of cracking a good like a very hard problem yeah I would say that yeah.  
Them: Yep. Makes sense and as you talked about like being involved in the architectural decisions writing code do you find that you act as a dev yourself while also managing a team how do you sort of balance that. Yeah. Trade off.  
Me: So so actually this was a change in my career in rivers so when I. Become a group lead I basically stopped coding for a while and then AI came back came and I started coding again because this hour and a half two hours between meetings I had was superpower right they could do so much things so balancing that as a manager depends it depends on the team on the on the. On what responsibilities you have I do believe that. It is something I build in my career is for me leading is living. By example so if you're way too far from the code and the things that they are doing and how they're doing things the people you are managing is going to get you disconnected from from their problems and there's things so I do believe that coding and being in the code so what I was doing in the last part of being a group lead I was taking the tickets the SLIs and going there and seeing the code and fixing and debugging and those kind of things to keep me grounded to do do a release and how painful it was or it wasn't and things like that so yeah I think the balance there depends a lot on the team dynamics to be honest but I know this is a team that expects this to be 50/50 and I love it I love it especially with all this happening in in the in how it's changing how we code I think is is great to be to be on top of that.  
Them: Yeah the team it's a relatively small team internally I think it'd be like six to eight people somewhere in that or six to seven people some so it'd be a team like you'd have a real size team but not a massive one and I don't know 5050 is the right assumption or if it'd be somewhere.  
Me: Okay. You struggle a bit right you need to do one-on-ones and performance reviews and there is a lot of work that comes with it right but yeah I was told it was at the beginning I think the the thing was says M3 and I think I read somewhere there was three people but then on HR told me that it was like five so yeah something like that.  
Them: Yeah the man the m3 level does not mean how many people you're managing it's a separate it's a like a level of is what.  
Me: Okay okay maybe I got confused on the whole okay.  
Them: It. No that makes sense yeah staying close to the code understanding the challenges the team goes through that makes total sense let me ask you I'd love to hear of you know something you've done a project you led as like a manager of a team where you feel really proud of the outcome of the results you walk me through you know project that you felt great about.  
Me: I have a few luckily.  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: I can I can say one of the things that I it was that was more internal maybe something external makes more sense.  
Them: Either way really as long as it's something you're proud of it doesn't have to have you know some.  
Me: Okay I have one that I think it's I'm really proud of actually it was.  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: So the I was a group lead already but my platform team the team did left so I was also doing the team lead and group lead position and further planning there was a big there was a big feature that is going to be released in riverside it was basically. The dubbing so the idea was you on one recording you can you would be able to change a word that maybe you misspoken and that will generate regenerate the video frames from that piece and the video of that and and that evolve basically two big teams the editor and the AI video AI team. Okay and my part of that as a platform team was providing the services that will give them the trans the transcriptions and the timestamps for them to do these kind of thing. The feature is is really cool and but it wasn't my I was there like a system that was my idea when the planning came so I went to the first kickoff of the meeting and I saw two teams that weren't working that they didn't know what were they doing and so I had a lot of questions for them I came there like okay how you're going to do this how you're going to do that are you going to use Kafka we were in the middle of the transition to event driven so I was you're ready to do this and on your side and they were like clueless like I don't know I only have a POC on my side that is working like this and the editor team was very front oriented and and so they didn't know what they're going to do so I basically took over that and lead the entire thing I designed what they needed to do what are the contracts for them to communicate with the backend we did it with Kafka at the end and basically that so I took something that I wasn't expecting to but basically I saw a problem there and I talked with with my manager at the time was the CEO and I said look I think if if I'm not going to do it they're they're very far behind we're not going to meet and I have a very tight quarter to be honest and I needed to solve it by the first true sprints. So so yeah so I'm very proud because my work there wasn't was making them work together and I delegated the parts that they needed to do and we actually were one sprint late but it wasn't my entire responsibility but but I think I was very proud that we pulled that end to end and I was there like given what I what I think is good like we should push to the same direction instead of doing so and actually I'm saying this because I also like I got a good a good feedback from this from them and from my manager when I did this so I'm very proud that I took that step and we managed to do it in a way that I also feel like it was a very proper way to do it. And also code.  
Them: How did the launch go.  
Me: The lunch.  
Them: The product.  
Me: Oh it went really good we roll out very slowly on those kind of things especially for infrastructure kind of things but it was great we discovered that cast a lot so then we created a system to make users pay for tokens so they can.  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: Buy things. But yeah it was great it was very good well received. The AI team did an amazing job like it was you couldn't you couldn't tell that it was replaced like honestly it was really good.  
Them: Very cool. Thanks for sharing. We've got about I guess a little over 10 minutes left feel free you have any questions for me feel free to to ask yeah.  
Me: I was going to ask a bit about. The structure the HR told me that this was it was five persons that were. I got that idea actually but they were reporting directly to a director and now this engineer manager was going to offload a bit of this on on this director so I was expecting to talk with the director that's why I was surprised but maybe I got confused or I don't know so maybe you can tell me a bit about this structure how it works and what I'm looking for exactly right.  
Them: As of today we do not have a single head of engineering there are currently three different and EP engineering product design leaders who report into me there are two engineering managers one is a senior director one's a senior manager one and then the third is our like product lead he's a senior IC engineer who's got a very product oriented mindset and leads our product roadmapping efforts. The two engineering managers the senior director at the engineering manager you'd meet them in a follow-up interview process part of this process they both have very large teams today they both manage individually a lot of people and a lot of product scope and that obviously is a challenge to keep for a long time. One of them in particular our engineering manager maintains all of our. Customer facing product lines like everything across our code search and code understanding product suite and our sort of what we call the code plane team which is exposing our tools to other to other products and building products on top of the code search. And so we've sort of realized that like we want managers who are more product oriented who are more deeply involved in setting that roadmap and like you know this manager raised this need and said we should really hire a third manager to take on this team and really push it forward because he's being spread too thin across the two teams today. So this is a, you know an effort to. Get more to basically shrink down the sort of reporting scope for our existing engineering managers. But even more than just like reporting and spans and layers and all that like org structure stuff. It's about finding a manager who can be really, really. Thoughtful and focused on the product direction of this part of the organization and really sort of deeply invested in like making sure that we're building the right products. The right messaging, the right use cases, the right story to the world and that they're, you know, meeting their bar. So yeah, that's the goal here is to make sure that we have someone over this team that's really able to. Be the leader.  
Me: Okay so so we.  
Them: And as of today.  
Me: Will be reporting directly to you in this case so I'm going to use I really want to know I know it's a very repeated question this one.  
Them: That's right.  
Me: But I really want to know because it will and I will understand what are the challenges or the things that you want to get accomplished so if if I don't know it you hire me and I am in this position for let's say a year what would you say that I accomplished that you will look back and say okay it was a good hire I really made a good choice a good decision.  
Them: If you're if you're working really collaboratively to build out a roadmap for the team, if you have a really strong opinion on what good and bad looks like and you're hitting your deadlines and delivering good is part of it, that would be success. So yeah, delivering on time staying on top of the roadmap, making sure that. You're, you know, you're sort of a visionary for where this team is going and that we're hitting and we're delivering really high quality products that our customers love. So, you know, obviously. I think the sort of table stakes here is being a good manager that's building a good environment for the engineers and the team, the team working.  
Me: Yeah totally being line as well the all the basics yeah yeah of course yeah yeah.  
Them: For us. Beyond that is about really. Being the gatekeeper for what good looks like in delivering good.  
Me: Thank you.  
Them: Course any.  
Me: No I think I think that's it was a pleasure to meet you.  
Them: Ways great to meet you too. Thanks for the time and we will follow up in the coming days. We have a lot of candidates, you know, we've been speaking to so far so at different stages in the pipeline but we'll follow up in the coming days about what next steps look like and the sort of timing of the full process from there.  
Me: Okay amazing thank you very much.  
Them: All right. Thanks so much for that great to meet you.  
Me: Have a good day.  
Them: Too. Bye.  
Me: Bye bye.
