Meeting Title: Interview with Sourcegraph
Date: Jun 15
Meeting participants: Greco Sebastian, Devon

Transcript:
 
Them: This meeting. Is being recorded.  
Me: Hello.  
Them: Hi, can you hear me now?  
Me: Yes, I can now hello nice to meet you.  
Them: Nice to meet you as well. Happy Monday. How was your weekend?  
Me: Good good very good yours? Use it feeling better now?  
Them: It was great. Yes, yes. Oh my gosh. It's just been, I have two young daughters. So it's just like we're stacking sickness and all that fun stuff on top of each other. But thank you for being so flexible and understanding. I'm excited to chat with you. I'm assuming now is still a good time to talk.  
Me: Yeah it is.  
Them: Awesome. So I will start off with a quick intro and then I'll ask you a few questions and then I'll leave some time at the end for your own question. So I am Devin. I'm our director of tech recruiting here at source. I've been here for five years, but I've got 15 total years in the tech recruiting industry. So really seen it all, especially over the past few years here, where I get to talk to folks all over the world to hire them for source craft. So I'm based in Connecticut right outside of New York, where I have, you know, my whole family here and dog and all that fun stuff up plants, obviously. But that's enough about me. Tell me a little bit about yourself.  
Me: Well Sebastian I'm Argentinian actually I have been living in Italy for the past 10 years now which is a while yeah so I'm going to say I'm a full stack developer because that's that's how it came out naturally but but yeah I've been working in this since I'm a kid started programming when I was 10 years old and I never stopped since then so yeah I don't know if you want to know directly a bit of my professional experience.  
Them: Yeah, I would love to kind of hear about your career progression.  
Me: Yeah so basically I started a very young programming then I have a few jobs where I'm 40 years old now so it's a while and then I founded a small digital agency in Argentina and basically work with several different clients around different countries mostly in South America but also United States and Spain as well one of the countries I worked in that project for almost 11 years we have our own employees and everything. One day I choose to change a bit my life I moved to Italy for a couple of years and and then after two years living here I started my own startup it was a really fun ride it was almost three years we learned a lot I say we because I had of course a partner and yeah there I worked in basically video transcoding web RTC or startup was doing video production on on the cloud was a really interesting product B2B product to be honest but as many other startups it didn't it didn't survive but we learned a lot and not only I wasn't pitching to 200 persons in theater so it was a really good experience for me talking with clients directly in around europe it was it was very fun it actually led me to my previous position which was Riverside since I when I was doing this I got like someone connected me with.  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: This young startup that was building a video podcasting platform they were already got their series a when I joined we were six developers 20 people in total so I entered as a full stack developer there and of course a lot of my knowledge about video and threads coding and all these technical things about video in the cloud were basically a perfect match for the company. So I started working there and when I left Riverside was August last year basically the company was 300 persons and I was a group lead of different four different teams three of them were basically full stack and one platform and the group in general was 27 persons so I was managing my of course we have team leads so my direct reports were actually five because there was also the head of QA. And yeah after that you can imagine I started as a full stack engineer then progressed to engineering manager I work like a year and a half a bit more as an engineering manager and then it got promoted as a group lead and then I had a bit of more of one and a half years of experience in the in the group lead and then I decided to take a time off took a sabbatical and yeah this is me going out after it's not a year it's almost a year it's going to be a year in August but yeah I also enjoy a lot going back to write code to do my own products the changes and technology in these times are like I went back to be a teenager with the with the everything how is changing? So yeah I had been I have been playing a bit with my own products but just for the sake of trying new technologies and playing around with things that normally as a group manager you kind of lose a bit so yeah so I'm started just I think two months ago I started for applying for for different companies so here I am. Basically.  
Them: Amazing. Tell me, I noticed obviously independent AI product development. Tell me what you've been playing around with, what you've been building. Have you built any agents? What does that look like?  
Me: Yeah, so I built an agent I don't I don't remember because I tailor different curriculums to different job positions there are three products I usually put in I did more small things but three that are end to end that you can go and buy it if you want basically so one of it is an agent actually an agent for Spaniard's legal system so where you can reply on WhatsApp basically questions and it will get grounded responses from the judicial system in Spain and Europe of course with all the references and where this coming from for people to use so it's like a subscription base and yeah there is a lot of technology with agents and also tools. And rag because it has saves information inside etc. The other thing I built for basically was for myself but I decided to make a product is I created like kind of a clone of whisper flow I don't know if you know it's basically you talk to it and then it transcribe whatever you said and then an llm basically changes and polish what you write. But I decided to do it locally so running local models and with models that I fine tuned for this specific thing and yeah that's Verva again that's that's up there again I need to release any version I found a few things now and the third one is something I did for Argentina actually is basically you upload everything is AI related as you can see but yeah you upload in Argentina when you have to buy a new house you need to check that the owners don't have. Any mortgages or something that is not declared so you run the original papers from when you bought the house and those can be like documents written by hand 50 years ago so there is a lot of work manually doing that and people is paying a lot so what we did there is to automate completed you upload the photos of this and there is image recognition that take also information also is proof because it takes from the region and shows you where the information that was taken for that and then basically automatically calls the API of the system the governance system of the property registrations to get you back the paperwork that says that everything is fine or not about that particular property so it's basically image recognition with the with a bit of, yeah it has like a system where you you pass it twice or twice with different agents and different models to get it right basically. So yeah those are the three things that I. Ship end to end during this almost a year for a sabbatical.  
Them: Yeah. Wow, that sounds very complicated.  
Me: I'm sorry if I went to technical there.  
Them: No, no, I more so like the applying for a house in our that sounds crazy.  
Me: Oh yeah I cannot I when I heard how there were like I have a friend of mine that owns a real estate agency there and when I heard how they were doing it my mind was blown like I couldn't believe it but yeah yeah so yeah it's interesting.  
Them: Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely. Well, tell me, what are you looking to do next? What are you looking for in your next career move?  
Me: So to be honest in Riverside I found myself loving managing so that's what I'm looking I'm looking for a management position but also I don't want to be so behind so so far away from from the code especially how things are changing right now I think it's very important for for managers to understand what is happening and of course like always like to work on a product that actually is interesting and it's cool to work with that's I think it's a given and yeah of course trying to find a healthy cultural place to work that's also I think a must everywhere but yeah so that's that's why I apply it to this position basically I saw that this is an M3 level so that means also expect to be very hands on like 50% hands on which caught my attention and to be honest I didn't knew the product from before and I think it's amazing and it really sparked a lot of cases where I could have used something like this in riverside especially and I think it's a really really great solution and and now implementing it and moving it to have skills and MCPs to connect it to agents to to do better work and have a good context and it is not an easy thing to do when the code base is so big right so. Very impressed about the product itself. Yeah.  
Them: Yeah. Amazing. And you said, you know, a couple months ago you started applying. Do you have any deadlines or timelines or anything outstanding that we should be aware of?  
Me: Not really I'm currently to be honest in another two processes but they're quite slow so no I don't have any real like deadlines but I am currently in another two processes to be to be honest.  
Them: Okay. Awesome. Yeah. And just, you know, it's good because we can move fast. So if they're moving slow, we can move fast. This is a mutual fit here because the next step would be, I am chatting with our team about your background and seeing if there is that mutual fit. And then we would schedule a hiring manager screen and then the team interview portion. But, you know, talking about just logistics and alignment. Are you planning on staying in Italy and working in Italy? Or are you planning on moving back or where would you be working from?  
Me: Okay. Now I'm here and I bought a house I have a four year old that talks Italian now so I have a small version of mario at home so yeah I'm here yeah no no it's it's here yeah yeah yeah.  
Them: Yeah. Amazing. And then have you given a thought to what you would be targeting compensation wise in order to take on something?  
Me: So I was hoping to basically maintain what I have in my latest position but I think it's line what I think this is 144k right dollars for this zone or yeah I couldn't tell that yeah.  
Them: Yeah, that. Yeah, that's based on zone. Let me pull up.  
Me: Yeah so basically I was making 120k euros. In sort of I was a contractor for four years in riverside so it's sort of kind of 120k so that's my range of course it depends a bit of also the packages and the benefits and those kind of things but yeah I think for what I saw in this is around what I was looking.  
Them: Okay.  
Me: Yeah.  
Them: Awesome. Yeah, we would be at that 144 number, so, definitely aligned there. So those are my logistical questions, background questions, all that fun stuff. It sounds like you've done your research, which is great. It makes my job a little bit easier. But again, my next step is going to be chatting with our team about your background. But before I do that, do you have any questions that I can answer for you now? I mean, this be a mutual fit. I will be there with you every step of the way. But before I chat with our team, any questions for me?  
Me: I do have like I'm going to say the elephant in the room I need to talk about because while I was preparing for last week for this interview I was like doing all my homework as I should one of the things I saw is the 20 hour overlap with the east coast and this might be a problem and I honestly was going to cancel it because I don't want to waste anyone's time but I really think that this is a great program that we really love to work with you guys but for me to do 20 hours having a kid coming back after the kindergarten as I know I cannot make it I think I can safely I can do 10 hours overlap for sure but I'm I was hoping that maybe that's not a hard line but of course depends on dynamics of the team where is the product team where is the other rest of the team working and I understand completely so I wanted to bring it up now and maybe you can tell me a bit about it.  
Them: Yeah. Absolutely. As someone with two young kids myself, I completely understand. The majority of this team, it's a team of five, they're actually located mostly in Europe. So that was just like a healthy overlap because we've got teammates. Not on this team, but who are on the west coast. But this team in particular is mostly in Europe. So in CEST, which, you know, should not be a problem. But that's just kind of like a fuzzy line that saying like 20 hours a week just to make sure you're available for additional meetings. But we try to reduce that because we have a global team.  
Me: Okay. Okay so it's not a hard line it can happen that there is a meeting and okay okay that's completely understandable okay good good and and the other question I had maybe is for a later stage you tell me about the.  
Them: Right.  
Me: Is this an existing team then you're replacing the previous manager left maybe you can tell me.  
Them: Yes. Well. We're not replacing a manager. We're adding that management layer. Into it because right now it's reporting to a director and we really want somebody who's closer. Yeah, exactly.  
Me: Okay good good. Yeah. I think that's it there were two things that are on top of my head that I wanted to take out first.  
Them: And if you think of any additional questions, you let me know. But in the meantime, it was such a pleasure chatting with you here. Thank you so much for taking the time and I will be in touch.  
Me: Yeah. Amazing thank you very much and nice to meet you too have a good one.  
Them: Yeah, have a good one.  
Me: Bye bye.  
Them: Bye. 