Meeting Title: Interview with Sourcegraph
Date: Jul 1
Meeting participants: Greco Sebastian, Schedule

Transcript:

Them: This meeting is being recorded. Hi, how's it going?  
Me: Hello. Good morning. Anymore.  
Them: Hi.  
Me: Hello.  
Them: Cool. I think the audio works. We can hear each other. Cool. Hey, I'm Jan. I'm an engineer on SOARGRAPH code understanding team. Today we're gonna have a technical interview. So we're gonna discuss a little bit about your projects, like what you've worked on, like get into some technical details optionally. So I think we have an hour. I think the first five minutes we'll spend on like intros, you know, like just getting to know each other, then like maybe 45 minutes for the actual interview and then you have like 10 minutes at the end to ask us whatever you want. So yeah, let's maybe do like brief intros. Like I'm machine learning engineer. I do work on our agentic systems to make them as smart as possible. I've been with SORGraph for about two years now. Yep. Yeah, my name is Stefan. I'm an engineer on the code understanding team just like Jan. I'm based out of Germany. I've been with SARS for about six years most of the time. I've been working on the search back end. So pre-Agentic error. And now I'm working mostly on our agent products like deep search and agentic batch changes. That's me.  
Me: Thank you okay I'm Sebastian you know this already I have been living in Italy for the past 10 years now and yeah a bit of my background I'm full stack developer by nature but in the last years I had been managing teams and scale up called Riverside I don't know if you know it's a video podcasting platform and yeah if you want I can go a bit through my background how I started. What do you think that would be good good start?  
Them: We don't really need like all the details of yeah, I think we may it might be best if we move like to, you know, like technical discussions, then you can like link in any details you find necessary. Yeah. Cool. So I think like the major topic for this interview is basically you telling us about like a technically challenging preferably AI related project that you worked on.  
Me: Let's do. Perfect.  
Them: Kind of like, you know gradually take us through what was the idea like how was it like structured? What was your role in it? Yeah. What were the major challenges? Like how did you lead people in this or, you know, like take charge? So does that sound sensible?  
Me: Yeah sure sure yeah maybe so so going to connect with my my latest experience in Riverside so I there is there was this feature that we wanted to launch this was. Yeah it wasn't the first era of llm features in llms so we're talking about our first feature as using an llm which was so riverside is recording podcast video podcast tool okay with a lot of tools in it so we wanted to introduce some AI features to it. The whole idea was we have a lot of all the transcriptions from the conversations of the people with the speakers so we wanted to start creating something that will give what we call the show notes this was the first the llm AI feature of riverside by the way and my team was kind of the dashboard recordings kind of domain at that time it was an engineered manager of this team so we were working with product how to approach this and we're talking about gpt3 era okay so this was our first jumping in into using llms and there was a lot of constraints back then you better know better than me the small context windows the the lack of tooling or functions in it the very hard way to get the output in a format that you wanted to have it. Looking back to be honest what we did there was wasn't. I would do it differently today let's put it like that but I'm going to go through what what we did back then so when we saw this we saw also that. Product wanted to do a thousand things but we started with the show notes and what we did there we had all these transcriptions that were very big ones so okay it won't fit in the in the context of those models back then and if I remember correctly was gpt3 and there was gd4 just going out but the costs were super high so we we kept gbt3 even during the rollout this was going out so yeah so what we have there what we created is. A microservice especially for doing this of course we use an as in communication when the recording was done we sent like a message this was prefca era on riverside so we were using sqs for this so we will send an sqs message and the microservice will take it from there and we'll take the minimum information from what the recording is and whatever it needs and then the microservice we talk with other services to get the full transcription and there was a lot of handling of that right we needed to split it into chunks calculate the amount of tokens that we were going to use and try to do several prompts in order to get like a summary of what was going on there in order for us to like summarize a bit the conversation in order for us to fit it into the the context window that we needed and sometimes when we were going to do is just get it into different chunks and then get it in the same place there was a lot of challenges also to force it to a specific JSON format output remember this adding a lot of deterministic kind of ways to recheck and resend the prompt again and luckily this change very fast like it was after the driven four and five functions coming and tools come in and we actually iterated on top of it and what we try to build there was something for other teams to be easy to work with, right? We had all these text information about what was going on in the conversation. So what we tried to do is create kind of a layer that you just tell them tell these modules that we did to handle chunk it and process the different prompts and redo it and summarize it to have it into a good context window for it. It turns out that luckily the context window grew pretty fast so what we kept there was basically having the right format for the transcriptions, the timestamps because we also had this was show notes we'll do. A description of what was the conversation chapters so we could use the chapters in our editor so you will have introduction talking about the background and resolutions things like that so it was it was at first it was a very good microservice it was used by several teams but I think again what I would do different is instead of creating a single microservice that handles all this because at the beginning we were also worried about quota management so we wanted to have it all in one place. But very quickly this can to everyone was using this and added in their code and and having a single microservice that was dealing with different features proved to be a problem also on ownership who is owning this part who is owning that part so if I were to look at this again the microservice was a good option and the structure there but the handling and the transcription handling and the context handling should have been like a library that we provide to the teams for them to reuse it right and yes that when I left that wasn't the roadmap luckily they were going to do it but by then we already had duplicated this service in different ones because of course ownership and domains and releases were needing it. But yeah I guess we can go on to details if you want to ask me questions about it but I think I highlighted a bit the first playground there.  
Them: Yeah, definitely. Thank you for the good explanation. Like I think I have a fairly good high level understanding of what happened. First thought that comes to mind is like can, if we can like hash out some of the details of like the llm processing. So were you sending like voice data to the llms or did you use another like transcription technique to like get like, you know, get it into text format and then send that to GPT.  
Me: Yeah so that was part of more the AI innovation part of the team so what we did there was using whisper basically we had our temporal workflows and part of the temporal workflows for the transcoding and level the audio one of the workflows was generating the transcriptions using whisper model. So yes that was another process that came before and actually that was one once the transcriptions were ready there was also a very big check it was a complex system also there but when all the speakers were finished done they would merge all the transcription for each participant of the call and then we will get a message that transcriptions were ready and from there we will. Kick off this AI features from it. Generation of chapters, magic clips came after and all these kind of features from it.  
Them: Okay, yeah, that makes sense. Yeah. Because I think like even in those times I don't even think GPT was multimodal yet. I think it was text only at the beginning. Right? Yeah.  
Me: Yes only and we use the transcriptions for many other things so we had our own pipeline to get the transcriptions directly.  
Them: So if I understood correctly, one of the biggest challenges was dealing with, you know, the early model limitations and as well like ensuring good accuracy at the same time.  
Me: Yes. Sometimes especially with the chapter things it was very difficult to have the timestamps correct for it you know because you said when this chapter starts and when it ends at the beginning with the earlier models that was very difficult to achieve so we'll have to check that it wasn't negative, there was an overlapping that it wasn't there was a lot of deterministic kind of things that we were trying to do we ask also to give us a piece of the transcription where it started so we could go to the transcription and double check that was actually the timestamp that it was to say and it was so there was a lot of mechanisms that we try to add to make it more consistent let's say.  
Them: Okay. Yeah, that makes sense. And I guess in those times you didn't really have much alternative in terms of model choice, right? Like there was GPT, I think on tropic, which is like getting started and open models for probably like toys.  
Me: Yeah but that time we also there was also bark going out like the gemina like Google's ones so also the microservice was an idea to to work as agnostic right so we will have these providers in the microservice so you could switch I think we also tried Grok at some point so the idea was to do that nowadays you have gateways for these very very good ones but back in the day that nothing nothing of that existed and again all these things could have been a good library that we provide to teams but okay we were like just scratching the tip of the iceberg there at the beginning you know.  
Them: Right? Yeah, no, that makes sense. We're very spoiled for llms in this current day. Uh, it wasn't the case three years ago. Okay, so one more technical question I have is you mentioned like you struggled with the context window because you couldn't fit the whole like transcript in. So you had to like split it up cleverly, right? Can you share any details around that? I'm very interested like how you kept coherence throughout the conversation, like how you made sure that, you know, the LLM was consistent in its terminology because like when one nitpick I have with these systems is that if you have like an internal term, for example, at source drive, we used to develop a coding assistant called Kodi, CODY. Right? Every time I looked at the zoom transcripts, it was KODI. Like it was wrong, right? Like sometimes like they had options like where you could inject like how it's supposed to be spelled. But like, this is just an example, right? Like I'm sure there's other things that can go wrong when you're doing like summarization and transcription. Like how did you deal with that?  
Me: So yeah so it wasn't it wasn't the easy especially with struggle a lot with this problem right so what we did is for every chunk first and foremost we try to always finish the sentence correctly for a user okay that was very important to not just chunk it amount of charters you know that that would be done so and also the other thing that we would do we will inject in the assistant part the previous summary that we have been gathering so we couldn't do it parallel right we needed to process one by one and give it the context that it needed but also that was a problem because you were reducing your contacts at the end right so it wasn't that easy we went through a lot of iterations on how to manage it it wasn't perfect luckily the context windows got cheap enough for us to just send the whole thing and it was much better but yes we used that technique never cut someone in the middle never even we try to even if that will give us shorter prompts that's fine we will do more request if it's needed but we wanted to finish the people that was talking to order in order to have at least a coherent kind of. Discussion in the in the conversation between those two persons and then we were adding to the assistant what was happening in the before with a summary we couldn't fit the entire thing of course because that's the same problem so that's what how we try to make it so it lose it didn't lose so much context and it will give a good enough result for it but there was a lot of retrying just for the output to be honest like the output wasn't following the JSON structure that we were given it wasn't the time that you needed to put it an example into the prompt of how to do it because it didn't we didn't have functions as soon as we got functions we implemented it right away and things started to be much much easier for us to handle this inconsistencies and then having to retry the thing.  
Them: Yeah, that makes sense. Yeah. Because like, I think tool calls only got like actually workable once we had like a good structured output.  
Me: Yeah. Yeah it did.  
Them: Yeah. Okay. I guess one more like direction we can go into now is like, so you're saying you were the em for this microservice. Like you led the team like, yeah. So how do what was your role in like, you know, technical design and like how big was the team? Like how did you structure it? That sort of thing.  
Me: I think there was five people back then because I was em and then I got promoted to group lead so this another team split up so it was a couple of years ago GPT-3 so so my role was like it was all the time right even when I went to group level my one of my teams was platform so I was very involved into the architecture I was one of the first this was a small startup I entered when we were six developers when I left we were 110 so I grew with with the company I knew a lot of the parts of my part into the architectural decisions and decisions technically I was in inside my group and also helping other teams in other parts especially with the backends with the migrations to the event driven architecture so in this case it was exactly that I work with my my team to to create the technical design for it this was entirely new for us to be honest it was something different it was for the first time using something non deterministic in this way so it was a kind of an experience we work very close with product because we did it in a way that they could also. Tweak the the the prompt so we work with them they were working with us so we did some playground that we could have different feature flags so you can change and we tested different prompts across our our people are are useful so they could we could use feature flags to say okay this is using this version of the prom this is using this version and we will distribute it like equally and see the results and see how people reacted we have the reaction the case is good is it bad and also monitoring how much it fail how much it was good or bad etc etc. So there was a lot of cooperation with product in this and yeah I was working in in the thing I actually write part of the code of the microservice but I wasn't the main owner of it was one of the guys working in the platform team but yeah, I hope that explains what was my goal.  
Them: Yeah, that's good. I really like the like feature flagging and like monitoring how well like certain selection is doing. This is something that, you know, it's pretty hard to do correctly, but like I'm happy to hear that, you know, people are. Trying it out because like, you know, how would you know? Right?  
Me: Yeah especially back then like the prompt could change everything like a word a different word like now is is I think it's a different thing right like it's more consistent it's a bit easier in this thing you have other problems other tools other things of course but back then was very the lack of determinism was was very very hard there.  
Them: Yeah, I agree. I also noticed that in our agentic products, like the amount of words written in the system prompt has decreased a lot with time just because the new models are so much better. Okay, Stefan, you have anything to follow up on at this point. Yeah, only a few things. So you mentioned that show notes was the first feature like a gentic feature maybe that you. Were in charge of. So who decided that this is going to be the first feature that this is a useful thing to do.  
Me: So this was basically the the first thing that. Felt it was all text right and we had text and we this was something that our users were doing right because once you put your podcast into the into spotify you put a description of what it is and extend and probably you write also a blog post or whatever so the idea was going to help the customers to through the whole creation right so your record but now you we help you with and this extender right there tended to magic clips as well to get get the highlights of the conversation and make sure it was a whole idea of the product where in riverside you could host the whole process of creation of content okay and this was the post-production kind of way where you generate this content maybe for for making a post in instagram or creating or put in the description inside spotify and things like that so it was part of the creative workflow of our users basically. Yeah.  
Them: And how did you like, like did you build us to the customer? Did you get any money for it? Was this like a premium plan or how did that work?  
Me: All included in we initially included in in the in the pro plans only the payments we should have three plans back there standard and pro then we teach the standard but at the end now if you go to riverside you get that all for free right that's included everywhere but when we started we started only with pro users and then a lot of. Things to tell you okay if you can generate your your show notes if you go to pro and then what we did is put in a pay wall so the first two hours you will get the whole experience then you can keep recording but these things you wouldn't see the whole thing if you don't but we will generate it anyway so you will get you to know what you will get at the beginning and then it gets cut because you you need to pay all there's how we handle it.  
Them: And did you receive any feedback from the users like was there like an in app feedback form or something? How did that.  
Me: Yeah yeah we have the the usual good and bad hand on every like everything that we did we we try to measure it that way and in some cases we added a box especially when you put down what went wrong here so we will get that also as bi events so we measure that in our events and we also got in a Slack channel so we could read it on on how it was going and measure it and we crossed that with also these versions of the feature flux we have it with different prompts so to understand right which ones were the most accepted ones and which ones were less accepted ones so yeah we got like it was the hype moment of of AI so there was a lot of hype on this first feature and I think the biggest one was the magic clips okay when we do the highlights of the 60 minutes and you will get like 30 or 40 seconds clips of a very interesting part that was the very like that was amazing for the for the users. It took us sometimes to get there to a good good results to a point that we actually we had an AI team internally and they ended up training like fine tuning a model and doing it internally and not using an LLM for this but after six or eight months they took all the feedback all the things that we generated and we use it the information from what of those clips were actually published or downloaded to understand that this was an intent of okay these are good you know or duplicated and modified and things like that and they use that information to fine tune based on the transcriptions the regional transcriptions and the exams to make their own like fine tune model internally in Riverside so yeah we move away from the the llm in that case.  
Them: So what was the driver behind like this fine tuning? Because obviously fine tuning is time consuming. It can also be expensive. You need like some manpower to, you know, do it well and then maintain it. I think like especially with the rising LLM costs this year, like a lot of teams are, you know, thinking about self hosting like, you know, open source models and then maybe doing some fine tuning versus just paying anthropic where costs are consideration for you. Like what other decisions were there to make?  
Me: Okay I can give you it wasn't in my team this was the AI team in innovation team that they were working we had a team that was AI and then we split video AI and just text AI and voice so we have audio text and video in Riverside so there were three different parts and this was a like a big bet like reverse I was on series during my my time there series a and B so we burn money basically on this kind of things there was a cost always we we looked on our cost in other things rather than they were a very hard competitors with that script so we were running with AI with them so we we kind of invested a lot on on this and to be honest and these kind of things reverse money on the on the customer the b2c but it it compensates it with the b2b plants so the idea is to hit the market and be the best ones at it so our fine-tuning came after once we got all these features they started to fine tune in these models and doing it because at that time it was very costly the the llms okay it was very costly token were very costly and we're consuming almost all the token like the the context window so at that time for them made a lot of sense to do this experimentation grow the AI team internally have their own machine learning guys work on it but we were in we weren't like saving cost we're looking at other places to reduce cost our biggest cost was AWS but more for the transcoding part and and the part of storage we had petabytes of of so we were going to adjust on cost on how we use. Life cycle rules to change the classes of all the assets of the video all the audio and the duplication that we have there and that's where we got focus on cost efficiency rather than the AI part to be honest at least until I left in August 2025 was that was the pretty much the idea.  
Them: Maybe before we move too far away from the from the technical bit there was one part where you described how difficult it was to get the right JSON output out of the model. Like can you explain to me why this is such an issue why like, I mean naively I would assume you just put text in and get shorter text out. What was the challenge with the.  
Me: Now it was it was hard because the model wasn't following the instructions, it wasn't following it sometimes it will just it was the JSON that was coming out it was corrupted like it was like missing a double quote was missing a closing bracket at the beginning this was very hard so we had some kind of validations and sometimes we actually tried to fix the problem itself rather than rerunning the thing this change again with functions and tooling when you could later on they came with the strict schema and you send the schema and then you get the response and that was amazing at the beginning you were just saying okay this is an example of how we want it in this structure of the JSON and this came with the chapters to be honest and the magic lips when we did the first thing which was the show notes we didn't need it. A JSON schema we will accept gladly just text right then when we introduces chapters and we needed timestamps and things like that that that change it was hard just because it wasn't following the instructions properly yeah.  
Them: Okay, good understood. About the team structure. Yeah, I think that could be like a good follow up. I think we did a lot of the technical stuff. Now we can maybe shift to like, you know, like more people and like maybe also a bit of a tooling and stuff like that. So could you describe like a bit like how your team was structured and like, you know, senior to junior composition and that sort of thing.  
Me: For sure so I was there for 4.5 years so it was a long time let's just make us like snapshot of the last years so at real side we were basically only hiring senior developers in the last year we stop only some teams like Growth team was was doing mid or junior level but basically all the other teams were just hiring seniors but having said that we still had some juniors that entered a couple of years before so there was a lot of especially in the platform team we had two junior mid level by then so again I was group lead of four different. Teams Growth business hosting and platform okay those were my my four ones I was very involved in platform because that was my original team the one I was managing and for the last six months before I left the team they left so I was doing group lead and team lead of this team have a double the double thing pretty much every single team had between growth team were four business were between five and six persons hosting was published in sorry publishing was also for developers plus the the team lead and the platform team were four developers as well platform team were all backend oriented some mid and junior to mid and junior and then two seniors basically and the team did was a senior developer then he left but I was there and the others were were full stack very front end oriented kind of teams basically I don't know if that answers a bit the question if you had more particular questions on the teams itself but. Yeah.  
Them: Yeah. So maybe like let's dive in a bit to like your team specifically. I guess the biggest question would be. Like. Did you like structure at this this way like on purpose or was like, you know, did you have like more of a top down direction here? I just kind of want to figure out like, you know, how like you approach like this team composition and planning and stuff.  
Me: Being the honest this was. A promotion I got when something. The organization had a shock basically the head of engineering the VP of engineering was fired and we didn't have anyone so I got we were planning on ready to split in my team into two different teams by then and we were already working I already had a team lead very strong team lead to to to do the publishing team that was our main idea and when this came it just accelerated that in into okay you now get this other team which was the growth team I got promoted to group lead and then I got we divided these two teams okay the dashboard and the hosting. To be honest. The division to be wasn't the best because all these teams except from the publishing team were cross domains so the fact that I was managing had a sense because I had this overall idea and and knew the product very well so business team was across domain because we will touch anything from the studio the editor or the dashboard platform team of course by nature infrastructure that new microservices new templates new libraries etc the only very domain specific what the publishing team which was an entire new revenue stream from the company and then the growth team again experiments changes and we will touch on everything so the idea there was given the fact that I had this overall idea of the architectural pretty much how everything worked in in it I would be a good connector between these teams and the real owners of those domains so that was how the structure was back then. It came with a lot of challenges to be honest we step on each other's foot more times than I would like to but yeah so the only real. Splitting that I did consciously was converting the dashboard team into the platform team that's what something I push very hardly on the new VPN of engineering when it came and the other one was the creation of the business team that I work with the whole sales and B2B part the others were kind of emergency kind of situation and needed that happen just lately but yeah that's pretty much the how it went.  
Them: Okay, that's, that sounds like a lot happened while you were. So imagine there were.  
Me: Yes.  
Them: Also a ton of conflict maybe like engineers maybe. Not happy about the situation or have, I don't know find it difficult to adjust in your teams and stuff like this. Like can you maybe pick out an example that comes to mind like of someone that struggled and that you. Kind of. How you help them. Or maybe the left.  
Me: Of course so so. I had two stories maybe on these three organization that really was was a thing right something that we talked and we discuss it was first the conversion from the dashboard team to the platform team this was a team that was spread to thing it was in charge of the monolith in charge of all the apis on on call kind of on every critical incident and being the one also blame because of the problems that we had a bit of stability issues at some point end of 2024 and so what I went there is we cannot be the platform team and a future team at the same time we need to separate this and we need to make them focus on the platform and all these ideas and tech debt that we have we need to start addressing them we're growing like crazy it is the time to do it so I went push this very hard on on management inside the team this was. Almost received as a good thing okay everyone was very very happy that we could basically take care of these big tech deaths this architectural things. But a developer right wasn't it was developer was more product feature oriented and they wanted really to keep working on features and being having this direct impact with the users. But at the same time I really felt and this was a conversation I had I knew that this was coming when we decided this so of course I communicated this with also coming from a lot of retro that we did with the team so they were complaining about this not really understanding what is their priority of the team etc etc. So this person really understood the decision but felt like I don't want to leave my team but I don't want either to become a very back in architectural oriented kind of feature and I don't feel like I have the skills for it right that was that thing and we really needed that person right it was it was crucial on the team also because it was taking a lot of care also to internal tooling for the support and operations so support will do this kind of manipulation on the accounts and login as users and all these kind of things so it was a very very common like let's talk about it I have my one on one with this person we said I discuss it and I simply say look if you really want to change I can I can totally there is a new team that is going to be created very soon so we can put you there we can try to find but honestly I feel like you belong here and you have a place and we can work with your very product oriented mindset and also your communication skills was a person that had a good relationship with all the other teams in the office as well this was a hybrid kind of team so I said let's do a thing let's let's give it a try and let's try to give you a role where you feel comfortable with okay and but at the same time I want you to grow this part of the backend and very architectural because this is a platform team and you will need to grow on this so if you're open to do this and give it a try let's do it because I do believe that it's a good approach otherwise we try a bit and if not there is a new team that you could totally be there I know you don't want to lose your your teammates but this could be an option ended up going well to be honest she adapted really well to the thing he she really really helped me really badly when the team left and helped me also to do all the Scrum things so it ended up really well I think I think that speaks a lot sorry I went too long on this. But yeah yeah.  
Them: So you might did you do scrum. Yeah is that what you said kind of the development model you follow.  
Me: My teams were kind of doing it already but then with the new VP that gladly became the rule so we all align to the same process yes a very light scrum right we we weren't like very strict about it we adapted to our needs but yeah we did the pre-planning we we started planning quarterly better and that was a big change all together planning the quarter and especially detecting very early on the dependencies between teams really help us to to get things into correctly timing and delivering more consistently at reverse it was like that but yes we we implemented Scrum and at the yeah. Mid 2024 I would say.  
Them: Maybe one more follow up did you have direct customer contact? You had like be to be customers, right? Like did you talk to them directly in your function as.  
Me: Yeah yeah a lot yes but one of the things was SSO was under us so we had the integrations with them and those things are not very easy usually they so you talk with them you talk with their technicals and and then the business team was very focused on all our biggest clients so we will create value for the business plans as well right so we will create features oriented for them some where we didn't do anything tailor made okay we wouldn't create anything that was just for one we will only do features that we could upsell to many other teams but yes we did we did for example we created an API for that all started with Sky UK basically Sky basically needed they had an entire workflow automated without telling us they were hacking the authentication and consuming every new recording and things like that and at some point we changed some things in the in the in the apis and they started complaining that everything was broken for them so from then we created a new a new microservice with authentications tokens and refresh and everything for them to consume properly and have the automation on their workflow we did talk with them yeah a lot.  
Them: Lead? That's pretty cool yeah I can relate to the customers like abusing your systems. Like because you didn't.  
Me: Of complaining like like why you came yeah because we change things it's our API like you are you are hacking it you're like but that's that's normally right like so it was actually a really good upsell for many other business teams to be honest so it was it was a win-win at the end.  
Them: Maybe like the last part before we like wrap up I think like the biggest shift in like developing developer world like last few years I guess were agents. Right I'm curious to hear like because it's source graph we're very agent built like you know we develop agents we use them every day what has like your adoption looked like? Or maybe like you know where were you struggling where the good parts? Yeah just kind of get your take on that it doesn't have to be like super anchored to do it you know like a previous company or whatever like that just you know casual conversation around this.  
Me: Yeah and I think this is something so I left riverside in August 2025 okay. From there to here like completely changed how it worked. With with with things so we I actually took a sabbatical I just started looking for a new job so for me it was amazing because I had all the time in the world to to play with all these tools and agentic and and things like that so in riverside when I left basically my whole group was using corsor by then we started with copilot and we booked a course or we implemented code rabbit code reviews in our PRs that help us a ton to be honest but from there to now the things have changed right you have multiple agents you have very specific agents for different tools. And honestly I have my own experience I have been working and doing a lot of projects and having fun with a lot of different tools and and things like that. But I know this is quite different from your own small project where the entire thing fits in a context of a modern model you know and having exactly the problem the source graph is solving right you have maybe a lot of different repositories and the knowledge is spread and and when you're asking to a task to to an agent it doesn't have the complete context of what is going on around the infrastructure and those kind of things which I believe this is I didn't knew the product to be honest before going here and I think is amazing because it really solves a real problem especially for bigger companies that have hundreds or even thousands of repositories right but yeah so how I work usually is I use open code I review I try to keep my my engineering basics I think haven't changed right code that is encapsulated functions that are doing what they need no monolithic files and things like that PRs that now is so easy to make a PR of. 10,000 lines and it's a problem right because we need to review this code you need to be behind it so I think the basics of engineering the guidelines are still bodied small and very focused things so you can really go and be and know what is going on in this code and and understand what is happening and a lot of planning and technical design and technical decisions before going to the implementation I used this kind of workflow where I plan I divide it in different phases these faces are going to be pull requests and those build requests will have a very scope if I can run two pull requests at the time because they're not related that's amazing I'll do it but usually you try to not be but I do think things have changed also on context switching like right now you might do two things at the time at the same time and it's hard to for a developer this our minds are not prepared for doing this context switching right so I try to okay let's focus on a big thing and small things so my mind that doesn't get blown by by this context switching and I can keep it and I do believe that AI also helps with a lot of the manual mechanic kind of I don't know support tickets or SLAs that you need to do so you can automate things with read it and try to go to the code and already propose a solution so you when you came to review those you already have a good idea what to do or even a PR open for something like that so those things have really for for one one thing you have a lot of context switching right now but on the other side you have a lot of help on these other things that usually took for for you context switching as well so it is a balance that I think is all changing or moving so so fast yeah I don't know if that answers your question or not but yeah that's pretty much.  
Them: Yeah that's exactly what I was hoping for your like experience and takes on it because yeah we we were there basically like day one you know like adopted agents immediately it's it's been quite a journey. Yeah it's still like I don't feel we've cracked all the issues that you know come with the different style of working and you know how to avoid junior sending 2000 line PRS that are basically entirely AI written I mean I don't really write code anymore by hand like maybe like 5% max but I do like you know I I do try to never send something out for review I don't understand unless it's like a very trivial frontend fix something like that you know. So yeah.  
Me: Sorry maybe I'm doing questions in the time that I don't I don't belong but how you handle this do you have some kind of tooling as well that the guy's skills things to I don't know have agents to or even rule Segent rules for everyone to to respect on the agents or do you have some common tools around the company already okay nice.  
Them: We're very bottom to like you know making agents succeed we're starting to do some overhaul of our internal developer CLI to make it more agent friendly I mean like so it's able to fetch easily CI logs or you know like any build artifacts or anything like that basically giving the agent more autonomy and being able to run it for longer periods of time. I think like in my experience like sometimes you know when I'm doing more experimental stuff and there's no clear outcome like there it's very hard to measure something and have the agent gauge right like is this okay is this not I think taking steps towards having the agent being able to interact with or judge like good or bad is like a huge productivity boost I mean there's some stuff where I feel like it's they're not doing that great for example prompting like I manually write pretty much all like you know tool descriptions and like system prompts for agents just because. I don't think the models like really appreciate like the nuance that sometimes goes into it but yeah for getting something off the ground quickly it's basically invaluable. To have this.  
Me: Yeah yeah I totally fail what you mean about the the prompts I created during my my sabbatical I wrote clone of whisper flow so I run it like locally with local models and whisper locally so I don't have to pay them 15 bucks a month for that service I can run in my computer and I found this especially when using like local malls are very like they're not that smart they have a small context windows and things like that the AI prompt that was written was like bloated with a lot of things and missing the details that I needed the most in the in the thing so yeah it totally see what you what you said about that. Okay great sorry that I swapped a question there drop one.  
Them: Stuff you have any last questions before we move to the final stage? Yeah maybe one so I see that you've been working remote from. Like Riverside right there was not office based is that correct?  
Me: So Riverside was actually started when I entered was covid. So no one was working from so we were fully remote and then the headquarters was in Tel Aviv basically but I kept working remote and I have so the business team and the hosting team and the publishing team were completely remote across Europe. And then the platform team was hybrid some people in the office some people in the like me in the remote and there was the grow team was completely in the office which being a manager with a hybrid team has challenges to be honest I prefer fully remote or or no because you miss some things that are happening in the office but yeah so yeah I have been working remote since like I don't know 10 years or so when I move here into Italy I was working with digital agency. In Boston so I work remote with them so I have been working remote for for a long time. Now. Yeah.  
Them: Okay so yeah so you know the the challenges when it comes to time zones I guess as well right like when you know.  
Me: Actually one of the teams on riverside two teams were in the studio team had split it was in Argentina Brazil Mexico so there was a bit of overlap.  
Them: Okay.  
Me: There.  
Them: Yeah so we also very mixed in our team so we I don't think we have any team that is just one time zone so major challenges.  
Me: One time it was the thing is when you have five hours difference six hours difference between them actually the flat form team had one one guy that was very good in Argentina so he was five hours from us or four hours depending on they don't change. On on summer. So yeah it has also it's in pros but if you. Have people with ownership and they know what to do that that's fine I think it's a that's important I think it's very important.  
Them: Okay yeah I don't have any more questions. We can then like move on to the last part where you get to ask us anything you're interested in about source graph about our work maybe don't ask me what I ate for dinner yesterday but everything else goes.  
Me: Don't worry because I have the same problem now yeah yeah so so maybe connecting this right so one of the things I saw is when I when. I applied for this job was the 20 hour overlap with the us and and one of the first thing they said like at the beginning is look I don't think I can overlap 20 hours a week like that's a lot for my life I have a kid and things like that I will be totally comfortable with 10 hours and the answer was okay this is a very European focus not need to have so much. But how is it for you in reality how you feel this how you navigate this this difference because I have with the CEO it has like eight hours difference with my time zone which is your time zone too right you are in central European time both of you right. Yeah.  
Them: Yeah good question I would say that it varies a lot based on how many meetings you have so he's a bit more in sync with some folks on the US west coast for example right. But usually like we do these meetings at like 5 p.m. europe time and you know 8 a.m for them so we're mostly done by 6 p.m but that's not every day. So there's like you know days where you might be on a bit longer but there's days where you're okay to log off at 4 p.m. So it we generally try to embrace async quite heavily and you know like have a lot of trust into like our employees so I would say it's work life balance in terms of like meeting scheduling like pretty good like I know some friends similarly working from europe for west coast companies and like it can it can get gnarly in general like I don't think I've ever had a meeting requested like after 7 p.m. Yeah similar for me I think. You can it's heavily depends on how you schedule things and it's totally like it's for example it's very realistic that in like one two days or maybe maybe two days a week you will have meetings until six 30 something like this and then the rest of the days it's early we have. People that just in Europe that basically just start working at lunch and but then they go very late into the night right like that's the other extreme like you will not catch me ever at 10 o'clock online in the evening like it's just it's just not happening I have two kids they're hungry at seven they have to something on the table once in a while there is a day where there's a late meeting but it's it's.  
Me: Okay.  
Them: It's rare enough so that I'm not too upset about it right.  
Me: No no I understand that sometimes could happen right like that that's totally understandable having the whole part of the company on the other side of the world okay.  
Them: But. Yeah. Yeah. But as a as a manager as that's why I also asked the question about customers you might be pulled into customer conversations more than the engineers sometimes and most of our customers are us based not all of them. They have customers all over the planet. But there is a concentration in the us so especially when it comes to customer calls there might be some. Yeah tendency to be more later in the in the european time zone right so. That's. Yeah that's how it is but I mean I doubt you you will have five customer meetings a week. Right like it's it heavily depends on the.  
Me: Okay.  
Them: The project you work.  
Me: Now also I think. How predictable it is it's very about schedule that you things can be arranged properly but if it's something like every day or out of the blue that those are the things that maybe get you like.  
Them: Yeah. Yeah. No I understand yeah and source curve is I think very family friendly I have never seen anyone making any comment about someone having to I don't know go for a school concert for their kid or the kid is homesick and you have to take care like no one even thinks about that twice so it's a very family friendly company and you can usually you usually. Yeah you have a lot of freedom scheduling your your work.  
Me: Nice amazing thank. Well I think I run out of time anyway but yeah yeah thank you.  
Them: I'm okay to explain by a few minutes.  
Me: No no. That like how is. Work life balance for you and in general culture wise with other teams relate like these are important things right when I also heard this morning because I had another interview early tried two hours ago and and that you are like not very domain constricted you're a bit working in different parts of the product so sounds kind of interesting so I wanted to know how is this how you leave it like how you experience it basically.  
Them: Yeah that's definitely accurate I think we're like there is like a team split but we don't you know gatekeep or anything like we're generally like you know supposed to like own projects like as much end to end as possible as as long as that makes sense so it very much depends like you can definitely jump across the stack and like product surface quite a lot if you're willing to I mean we're very like high agency so you know people like show initiative like they're interested in like doing XYZ and it has a positive impact than we always say yes.  
Me: Nice. Okay amazing thank you very much guys for for your time.  
Them: Same to you best of luck in your future interviews.  
Me: Thank you thank you very much have a good one.  
Them: Have a good day bye bye.  
Me: Goodbye.
