Meeting Title: Interview with Sourcegraph
Date: Jul 1
Meeting participants: Greco Sebastian, Schedule

Transcript:

Them: Like this is usually automated, but this is a different meeting link. So I'm going to do it manually.  
Me: Yeah. Of course of course.  
Them: So. Yeah. Okay. This meeting is being recorded. All right, so let's begin with that out of the way. Thank you so much for taking the time to. To be on this call. Today we're going to do cross functional team interview. It is essentially just to learn some stories about your process when working with folks outside of engineering. So cross-functional folks, it will be a conversation. Mostly we are scheduled to have a call for 60 minutes, one hour. We might not need that time. We allocate all of that time just to be safe and to have time to, to talk about. So if we end up cutting it short, don't think like you had a bad performance or anything. We are not under no obligations of doing the full hour. I'm going to start with presentations, a few questions about past projects. And at the end, I'm going to ask some questions related with the source graph principles. And, and, yeah, should be just, just a conversation. So I'll start with presentations. Sorry, I'm talking a lot. I'm, I'm Daniel. I'm a product designer here at surca craft. I join for, four years ago, four and a half years ago, more or less. And I've been working on different projects, different things. It's, it's been super exciting. I'm based in Portugal. I don't know if I mentioned that. And, yeah, that's me. What about you, Sebastian?  
Me: Nice to meet you first of all so I'm Sebastian of course I'm Argentinian actually I have been living in Italy for the past 10 years so for engineer I have been doing this for almost all my life. And lately I have been covering management roles and the last one was on Riverside so yeah that's pretty much me started very early and I'm passionate about what I do and building things that work for people that mostly that I had my own startups and agencies and so I did quite a weird path.  
Them: Okay, that's, that's interesting. So in that case, let's start. I'm going to ask you to think about a time where you needed to bring a cross-functional partner onto a project, some outside engineering. How did you decide what you needed? How did you get them on board or defined the collaboration and what did you give them to start?  
Me: I'm going to talk about mostly about my last experience which is reverse side because especially because I had a lot of cross team interaction there yes started there when I was just one of the first six developers of the company so back then everyone did everything in collaboration was a lot more immediate right but then the companies started growing and we grew a lot still my teams were related with platform and business so the relationship with different cross teams sales data team marketing of course product wouldn't say.  
Them: Okay.  
Me: Outside I don't know it depends on how you see it okay I'm more more of product and engineering are one thing hopefully that's what you want but you're looking for a project a feature that I needed to involve someone from from another team or something I needed from them during a development of a future.  
Them: Yeah. Could be both. It's going to depend on our team's work. Like sometimes when you're starting a project, you need to allocate, like, for example, someone from analytics or a designer to be as part of your project for that process. Or it could be just like collaboration where you need to ask for, like, for example, collaboration with the security team, Etc. So when those situations arise, either you bring some, someone in into the project or you need to consult someone within your company. Tell me a story about that. Like, generally, and how do you decide who you need? How do you get them on board? What kind of tools do you give them to do their job? And how, how do you manage those Partnerships?  
Me: Okay good since you mentioned security maybe I can I can talk about that security it is a kind of a special kind of thing but I remember one time we were doing we were implementing yeah, we were implementing obviously the new that's way too obvious but I'm going with it so we were implementing the new authentication methodology we we passed from an old session to JWT authentication which is a very common thing to to do and there is a lot of documentation there but of course this is a sensitive subject for security and something that actually was stuck with with security several times to put it in the pipeline to improve the security out of it. So when we finally got the allocation for doing this project basically we included the security team it was one one person, an engineer, a security engineer. So basically from the scratch I think what we did is we included him in the technical design of the project right at the beginning because we needed to know very soon his opinion what were the requirements and what what needed to be done in a different way that we were doing and there for me there was especially another thing that we wanted to do which was migrating from the old sessions to the new sessions seamlessly without disrupting anything so that needed to have kind of a smile of my kind of migration so there was security implications about moving that so but we did this is basically first and foremost when I knew that this going I had a meeting with this person I usually had with some special partners I used to have a monthly or a bi-weekly meeting which security was a bi-weekly by the way so I had a biweekly meeting with him so I presented what we were going to do and what was the whole idea and then of course he was part of the process in several different parts during the technical review what we gave is an example we already have a part of security and every technical review and what we did with him is review all those things understand what are the parts that he was more interested into and of course make him also part of the code review of several parts that were specifically important for him and and of course we were side by side with him during every part of the rollout because it was a big a big change. Was basically a collaboration we worked together on this even if it was a very known kind of thing actually I must say that he bringed a lot of value to the to the project and things that we didn't thought initially so so it was it was a win-win for everyone but yeah I guess that's it like good communication and and having it before I think it's essential to have this communication at the beginning and then during the process right that's a that's a whole cycle he was part of this project in in all means so I don't know if that gives you the context of how how I do it how identify I needed him in this case was very easy to understand right like a very sensitive matter but but yeah in general we do have for certain things already templates or security or marketing or data we also work with data a lot so we in our technical documents we already put are you going to do something that might be who is responsible and if that's needed you always ask for your team to have a sign up from from that from that team of course.  
Them: Yeah. Okay, so in that, in that case, if I understand correctly, it was a migration associated with authentication. You are going to jwt, right?  
Me: Exactly.  
Them: Or out of it. Like, I, I know some of the concepts.  
Me: Now we were in sessions storage okay all time session storage and we moved to jwt which is the modern more accepted way to do this so basically that.  
Them: Yeah. So in, in that case, how, how did that project originate? Like, who, who was the idea to, to go forward with that? How long did it took? What was the shape of the, the team? Like, just, just walk me through the, the project overall, like, start to finish.  
Me: Reasoning why we ended up there so so this for for me as a I was a group lead back back then when this happens I was managing one of the teams is the platform team which was in charge owner of the the authentication part of it actually the monolith so this was basically something we had already for a while for three reasons first.  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: Security reasons the way we are authenticating is not the most the most secure one it's all this outdated the second one the the company was growing to to a new infrastructure with microservice and things like that so the session was showing the limits of it. And the third one was we were basically breaking up the monolith in in different parts so these three things for me were already the reason for having it a high priority tech debt that we needed to do this was a team that had a lot of different responsibilities. And a year before I left Riverside I worked very hardly to. Make it become a proper platform team so we could focus on those kind of things that we couldn't in the past. So so yeah the idea was to do it and we did this in the first quarter of 2025 if I don't if I recall correctly and and yeah so the necessity was there we allocated the time for the team and this also became a dependency for other teams as well that was another reason why we push it because other things were creating some microservices and I needed to be a way to authenticate without calling the monolith etc etc sorry if I go too technical but that's how the mind works but yeah there were technical dev and also business reasons right because we also needed this for another feature that we were about to release so that was it and I don't remember if I'm missing some of your questions about this.  
Them: That's fine. That's all right. No, I think, I think you answer, answer mostly. And if I understand correctly, was something that was already on the radar and related with, like, maintainability.  
Me: For a long time way too long if you ask me yeah yeah so we had to find the place and the moment to do it basically.  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: Yeah.  
Them: Do you have an example of, like, a project that. The initially intention was to solve. A problem for the, the, the customer or something that you discovered was not quite right with the product, and then you kind of, like, raised your hand. And started to, to solve that instead of something that was planned. All along.  
Me: I think the the the time when this happened so as I tell you I was a group lead in the last year and a half so one of that was. Platform but the other three teams were feature oriented okay so at some point there was a big product ask us to move the entire structure of how people organize their podcast okay so I want you to try to put it simple we had all the studios where people would record and they added like another layer on top where you have projects okay so the recordings were going to be instead of inside of a studio inside of a project that could be recorded across all your account and that was a very big a very big thing that we were developing. And while we were developing that and where we're going having all the functional specs and the designs we started raising our hands saying look I know you guys did all the research and everything but what we're seeing is that for people it's going to be a very hard to find the things that they use it to have in certain places because we're changing the entire thing and we're celebrating our hands and putting look at this account and this account they had hundreds thousands of recordings and now they're going to enter and don't find it anymore we're going to create for them new project folders that they didn't create. We really think this is going to be a headache and there was a back and forward with product about this kind of thing. We try to honestly honest what happened there was they acknowledged this but we were already too far along so they decided to make some changes in the ux but what happens because of that is we reprioritize the global search. So we had another project to use search across all your account and that was a second stage that we didn't know when to do it and we ended up actually start doing it almost after the rollout of the of the of the projects folder. But I think that was a good interaction because we also understood that there was a limit that we could do because of that and their vision okay they had a very clear vision of how to handle that. But yeah the good thing it was we were hurt we could have this conversation with them and actually we reprioritize another big feature that would solve this problem for users, right? If you have a good semantic search where you can search all your things is going to be much much easier for you to to have these things for you. So I hope that helps us as a team but yeah.  
Them: Yeah, great. So in, in both cases, or maybe you can pick one, like either the authentication project or this one, like the shifting to, to the projects and, and also working on search. Was, were those projects successful? And how did you measure the success of both of them?  
Me: Authentication was a big success. It was easy very easy to measure. I think because it's a purely engineering wise and I think the success was people shouldn't notice people shouldn't complain people shouldn't see anything nothing changed for them and that was our goal all along like from day one Riverside was very we didn't have the maintenance windows or times that thing didn't exist for us. Our idea is we shouldn't have those windows we cannot interrupt the credit process of our clients which I'm very on top and it added a lot of complexity especially when you're doing something like this it would be much more easier to say okay everyone knows to have to log in again right but if you're in the middle of recording that that's not possible so the measure how we did measure this is how many people was on the old one and got slowly transferred to the new authentication method and there wasn't any complaints and any any anything from them so we did have of course some some hiccups during the rollout but again we had an entire system that will go back and put them no big incidents.  
Them: Yeah. Yep.  
Me: Just a minor error in the in the studio but that they never got log out or had to log in again. So that was our way to to understand success. The projects was a very different one and and this was more complex because people don't like changes usually right the users if you change their layout and you change you are going to get a lot of complaints and it's understandable these people work with this it's not just a game for them so you are a bit disrupting this for them. What we measure with product on this was the how many how many so we created for them a lot of projects and things like that and we were measuring how they started using projects after that if they were creating their own if they were renaming it if they were reacting possibly to to it and trying to see because there was a lot of noise about people complaining about these changes because when you change the layout you expect some some some fireback so yes we measure usage and we we always in rivers I have these KPIs of how much recordings they do how much magic clips they do so we try to see if this had any significant change in their in the trend we didn't notice any of that we did notice that there were the heavy users were like really using it a lot like they were super happy they're not so heavy users that they they basically didn't use it much but we were creating the automatically for them the projects and and we saw something important which is they weren't modifying it they weren't we were grouping recordings automatically like with smart recognition and they were leaving it like that which for us was already a good sign that the chuse was good search I can go and talk there it was easier there I think that was a very well received feature and it was very easy to to measure it and how much it was being used and and how much people were searching for things and those things so yeah. I don't know if that answers pretty much.  
Them: It does. Thank you so much. Now I would love to know. And again, this can be about this projects or any other one or from your, from your career path. Can you tell me about the situation where you help resolve a disagreement? What was the disagreement about and how did you handle the situation?  
Me: Okay something fairly recent. The situation was the following like we have this. Feature that was very AI expensive we were using a third party for creating it and we were testing it with some we call it a beta project we do it with good like high profile creators but it was a very costly so for for a normal B2C it was on the losing money side right so before opening to everyone one of my team was the growth team okay so they got at the beginning of the quarter when we were planning this idea to introduce some token you could buy AI tokens to use it in different parts of the tool. And that was the the and they of course had a dependency to implement this in the payment systems with the platform team okay so when we got into the planning the product. Specifications weren't there okay we knew that we wanted to do it but we didn't have the full description so of course everyone tried to allocate some time for it and then we actually started working when we go on it. And of course the first time when we sit we sat down with with the growth team and the platform team what we saw is a difference of how philosophies on different so growth team wants to experiment iterate and do everything very fast and platform team is the one that is putting the guardrails on. Like infrastructure building things correctly so we got into a point where we're saying look how you're trying to implement this of the tokens is not sustainable because it's going to create a tech debt for us and I was of course we did the plannings in company-wide I know that this token is going to be used for along the old quarter by other teams right that weren't in my group by the way so so what what we saw there it was a conflict they had to deliver something with a very specific deadline and they had proposed a very hacky modification of the database and on the other side we were saying this is going to create that for us and a migration in the future we cannot do that so basically what we did is set us all together in a table virtual table with product especially and say okay this is a hard limit for us and this is a hard limit for you let's try to compromise the things and and funnily enough when you talk with product people they they tend to have a better clear mind of what it is an MVP and what they want absolutely for a for for the users and what it can wait a bit so what we did is basically we propose our full solution but in faces so they could still release this thing without fancy features in all your historical tokens and their automatic refunds if something fails so all these fancy things we leave it to work it under the hood well the the thing we're going because we had the time we already allocated time to do something like that but they didn't have they needed to do of course there was a compromise I think we already knew from the beginning that they will have to do I think we it was look I don't remember exactly but I think it was half a sprint so one week of delay but we already set it at the beginning right that's something that we all agree that was acceptable for for deadline to push it for a week in order for us to provide all the contracts and everything so yeah I think that was it and understanding what was the cuts that we wanted to do where to do it and actually the release was was very smooth we did it on the background on the background we kept working even also tools for support if there's someone needed a refund instead the automatic refund the support team had like a way to refund them the money the tokens automatically and all with a good audit log and so we were happy with the solution we created something that then was used for other teams very good and and it was a good architectural decision at the same time we we managed to slip it in pretty much in the deadlines that they needed so I guess that talks about like conflict of interest from the two different teams right.  
Them: Yeah. Just to understand and that, that, that was a great example. Just understand your role within, like, that situation. Which kind of team were you managing or were you managing both the growth and the payment team? Like, what was your position within, like, all of those sites?  
Me: So I was in Brooklyn okay but at that time there wasn't a team lead the team lead of the platform team which was payments left so I was doing double wrong right there so I had so I was the interim team lead of the payments but also I was the manager of the growth team in this case yes of the team lead of the growth team basically so I already knew and talked with all the product people from from this group.  
Them: Okay. Yeah. So you're kind of. Like on, on both sides of, of the discussion, like kind of representing the both sides in a way.  
Me: Exactly it wasn't my interest also that the grow team delivered this in time right like it was part of my my my my responsibilities too true maybe that's not the cross team that you needed.  
Them: Yeah. Yeah. No, I, I think, I think that's, that's, that's quite all right because it, it's, it's usually.  
Me: Okay okay.  
Them: Like it was in your best interest to that everyone actually reaching an agreement. Otherwise you'd be like, even for yourself, you'll be in, in a locked position because one of your teams would not be able to move forward.  
Me: As a part of I was the original manager of the of the platform team originally and then I grew up and I got promoted and then I put someone there etc but as a platform team you always have to interact with everyone so you have all dependencies from all the company usually marketing sales data the editor the recording everyone has a dependency so my role was there always to like negotiate and try to to work with them in one or other way so it was a common thing in riverside like basically.  
Them: Keeping the subject on, on the Partnerships with other, with other roles. How would you describe an healthy working relationship between an engineering manager and a product manager? What do you expect from them and what should a product manager expect from an engineering manager?  
Me: So we use it to have these pmtl kind of unit we call it like that pmtl we saw that right the project manager team lead or engineer manager you can call however you want but we always thought about this about a unit okay they needed to work very closely and and what to expect. Manager for engineer manager needs to expect someone that first understands that so let me put it another way I personally believe that all engineers working on products should be product oriented we're building this not for the sake of it we're building it for real people that are using it every single day. So things need to come from there. And and things I hate when engineers say no this cannot be done because our job as engineers is the opposite okay this is can be done or this is difficult but we can do this and you can offer trade-offs but solution. Coming up with solutions is what a product manager should expect from engineer managers okay that's how it should be on the other side what I expect with with product managers is also to understand this kind of trade-offs and be able to do exactly this especially in a fast moving startup or that we need to sometimes cut corners in order to achieve our goals and I would expect from them some kind of flexibility on this kind of things and I think that. Comes into. A delicate balance that you need to learn right to do and also understand that things can change and should change while you're doing things right that that's the healthy way so I think the interaction between them is understanding that the other is there to help you and both sides right like that's that's the entire goal of it that's at least how I see. Basically.  
Them: Yeah, great. So we are kind of like Midway through, through our interview slot. I'm going to start asking questions about our source graph principles. These are going to be focused. They are kind of like lengthy questions. You can take your time. Some might already touch on things that we talked about. You can mention that that's quite all right. So I'll start with the first one. At source graph. We win together, which calls for the right balance between collaboration and ownership. Can you share an experience where you had to write the right balance between collaboration and ownership to us to achieve a successful outcome? How did you ensure everyone voices were heard while still driving to a common gold?  
Me: We could talk about that one that I already told you like the common goal was that I think what I look usually in a company is and this is something after almost five years in riverside I do have a lot of things that to say about the company and things that didn't work but one of the best things there was everyone was going on the same direction no one was putting things in the middle and trying to stop you for anything everyone will help you out to achieve a goal because we all knew that that was something very cool about riverside culture that I loved and enjoy from day one to the time that time and I left for example I can give you another example I hope not make this too long. But there was a time where again we were on planning and there was this feature that they were creating was video dubbing call so basically in a podcast you you could say let's say you misspoken a word okay so the idea is you could change it and it will check the transcription and this will generate ai to create your lip syncing and also changing the audio out of it and this was basically two teams that weren't related to me at all it was editor. And the AI video that we have okay so they're where the owners actually AI video should have been the the real owner of it and again platform team was in the middle because of dependency about transcriptions so we were there like to assist them to provide some APIs and things like that. And again I was this was first quarter of 2025 so I went there to the first meeting on the kickoff meeting with them hoping to see the plan. And what I saw there was a very tight deadline in my opinion wasn't like doable in that timeline. And two teams that knew what they needed to do but they couldn't. Agree on how to do it I'm talking about technically okay product level they were super aligned okay super line but at engineering side they were saying oh we have a POC and it's almost ready and it's working and the guys will say okay for us it's easy because we already can modify words there so I came there okay perfect so how you're going to do these are going to use our new Kafka events and blah blah blah and they were like I don't know I don't know I don't use this and so in that moment I had a very tight quarter for me and I had this in my in my in my planning so I needed to get it done but I really saw that this was going anywhere so what I propose is say okay guys let's do something like that if you don't feel confident of doing this I'm going to make another meeting for next week and I go into present you a plan of different contracts for each of you and how you're going to communicate between you guys I need this thing for you the AI that send me how you doing it today with the POC and I'm going to talk with the editor and make a plan of how the flow should go of course the middle part the middle man is the platform so we are going to deliver that part at the end I ended up basically managing the whole infrastructure and the rollout as well. But in a way that shouldn't load me too much I already had to do two things to do so what I tried to do there is to put a bit of order and assign ownership of different parts and then say okay this is it of course there was a back and forward during the development we had to change some things in the architecture but those are expected things that you expect. First I think this is something that not everyone is willing to do those teams were completely fine for me taking from that from them and guiding them through those changes and I think it was honestly I feel very proud about it because I saw something that was going nowhere and I try to give my my help even if those were in my teams were in my group and anything and they were super receptive like they were okay let's do this and and they were super on board with my plan and of course bringing their challenges about the idea and everything and again the rollout there we had to postpone it it was crazy tight what they initially said but again we did it at the beginning at the beginning we said hey like this is not possible we're missing all this part so again there we managed to handle expectations properly I believe with with business. And marketing they wanted to do this as a big role like announcement so yeah I don't know if that helps or gives you I'm talking a lot I'm sorry.  
Them: Yeah, it's, it's actually, it's, it's an interesting answer because it also answers the, the question that I was going to ask right after, which was, can you share that an example of something that was not really within your scope of work? That you stepped in to, to help, to help to.  
Me: Yeah this was kind of my scope of work but yeah all the organization and leading it wasn't that that's for sure. Yeah yeah you could say that so yeah.  
Them: In that case, I'm going to move to, to the next one, which is we value being direct and transparent at source graph, and we are willing to disagree and commit. Tell me about a time where you proactively provide it candid feedback to a colleague, manager or direct report. I'll need you approach the situation. What was the feedback and what was the outcome?  
Me: I could I could reach different situations but I think I'm going to circle back on the projects folder I think that we we we were very. We were very skeptic about this change so we share this very hardly with with project but again we talk with them and we have a good conversation about it we prioritize it we change some things in the product based on what we said but they had a very very strong idea of where the the future of the product should be and and I think that's what. It it came to us to say okay that's fine as long as you have this idea and what we said is I think it's important for for for product also when you come with this it's also show us your your whole idea right because that will give us a better explanation why we're doing what we're doing right now and and we felt that it was very disruptive for the users and we really went there like look I think we're getting a worse experience for the product in this we really feel that this is going to backlash very very hard and and then came back with us with a lot of explanation showing us the data that they they gather and and what they wanted to do it was just a part of a very long change of organization of the things that they felt that it was. Basically broken in the in the project. So that was a time where we didn't say okay we're not doing this feature but we got the this is the vision that's what we're going through and you you need to believe us that this is a good thing to do and okay we accepted the decision and we move forward with all of it but we felt like it was important from us as a team to to really raise this up and be heard right so yeah.  
Them: So I'm now flipping the question back at you. Can you tell me a time where you received candy feedback? What was the feedback and how did you respond to it?  
Me: This is hard it's a bit harder I believe. I'm going to go with the with the. More basic. Usually the feedback very clearly came to me on my performance reviews right so. I think. I'm lucky enough to help always have really good managers but I of course everyone has things to improve and I always got my my critics about my been sometimes. Let's say avoiding conflict too much and not saying no to many things and that would overload me over time and impact on my performance as well right because you can stress you get a lot of things so so yeah luckily enough I know this is this is something I work very hard during my time in riverside because as I grew in the company also I got a lot of other responsibilities so it was hard for me to balance and learn when to say no when to push things back and things like that. I took that like very very very good I always try to learn from my managers I hope to learn from my managers so I always took the the extra mind to say okay but how would you handle this this particular thing how would you handle how you would do it like I need a help to understand what is more important what is less important because every everything seems critical and important here but yeah I don't know if that gives you what you're looking for but yeah.  
Them: Yeah, it does. So in, like, let's, let's do a little bit of role play. Let's say that I come to you and you kind of like my manager. And I'm asking you, like, how can I say no to things like in, in your experience? How can I be better at saying no? Because you went through that process. What kind of, like, learnings can you teach me?  
Me: I think always saying yes is very problematic because we also what you learn there that is people start in my experiences the people you're saying yes to starts also depending too much on you and losing ownership. Okay so a part of saying no and you need to do this and very constructively you say no but we can do this no but I can help you with that I cannot deal with this right now because I have all these things always explain why you're rejecting something like that and explaining that there is other priorities and trying to help them to solve it or so and find another way or find another person that might help them to do this but it also talks about in my case that people were offloading their responsibilities okay. And having in mind that someone would deal with that and being a yes person also sometimes is not a good us to be as a mentor for other people right you need to people need to be accountable for what they do and responsible for for what they do so is it's not only for the person itself saying no it's also for the person asking for something that is goes outside crosses a line right that's that's what I meant with always a constructive way to to put it and try to help them and again we're all going in the same direction right that's that needs to be the goal but but yeah I think that would be my my idea so focus that you're not making people a favor if you're always saying yes okay you're also taking responsibility ownership and this is something that is very important in your job so yeah.  
Them: Makes sense. Thank you so much. Going to the last question, and then I'll give you some time to ask questions back about source graph. So at source graph, we put customers first. Tell me about the time you made a tough trade off to do what was right for the customer.  
Me: This is a tough one. So one of my teams so reverse I was. Is today 40% of the revenue is B2B so we have very big clients Microsoft Yahoo like big media companies so even if the company is very customer oriented also in the B2C of course there are times where some clients have a lot of weight on even the product decisions right like you might steer a feature and we actually created a business team only for creating business B2B value okay because we also wanted to give value to what they're paying for right that that's also something that makes a lot of sense.  
Them: Yep.  
Me: So one time that we did something that it wasn't. Primarily in the interest of it was Sky UK basically. So they had an entire pipeline of media creation done. Between our inside. Our. Platform and once this was connected to the projects when we changed the projects we basically changed all the APIs and all the how they retrieved recordings basically they started we broke all their automation that they hacky did with us. So out of nowhere we have this huge climb with all their pipelines that we didn't knew they had all this very very automated and to us. So what the first thing what we do we roll it back for them so we gave them more time to to keep using the previous version as a trade-off okay because there was a really strong prohibition for this and the other thing that we did is we added the first. Feature which is included in. The business the ability to have an API to retrieve this thing and with a proper token and things like that of course that took time for us to create a new microservice to do this we did it in a in a way that was faster for us but still to serve them and at the same time adding value because this of course was a nice thing to upsell other clients of course Sky got it for free included at least in the first year of contra but yeah I think I think I don't know if that matches as a compromise or something that we did. For them basically but yeah we basically stopped the rollout for them like don't stop but we excluded them which also made us not not be able to delete some part of the code and the database that we wanted to clean up afterwards just because we got them waiting.  
Them: Great. Thank you so much. Now it's, it's your turn. And, like, we don't need to sit for the 10 minutes unless you want to do so. It's fine. So you can ask questions about myself, source graph, whatever you, you want to know about us.  
Me: So yeah I do I do have a couple of questions maybe maybe you can you said four years in something and a half right that that's already a good sign in my idea I'm trying to find a place where I'm comfortable working and I want to be for a long time so yeah maybe you can talk to me about this interaction between product design and the engineering team how it is how how is the pace how is the collaboration because yes sometimes you have goals but then reality is a bit different how you experience it and have it changed during your time here or not?  
Them: It changed, but mostly because of company structure. When I joined the company was slightly bigger and we had, like, specific product teams for specific products and for each product we had a product designer, a tech lead and a product manager. So, like, kind of like the triad that you see in other companies. Due to different Investments like market shifts, Etc. We parted ways a little bit with that way of structuring it. And now we are more broader teams that are responsible for multiple products. But all in all, what I can say about the way that we do product is that, like, Engineers ever done of say in what we do mostly, like, obviously our product is developer focused. So our developers know, like, they also have strong opinions because they are kind of like our target users as well. So they are absolutely a must when we are designing the product and working on the product. That's, that's great to be in with because our, our Engineers are first, we try to optimize for that in hiring. We want Engineers with product mindset. We don't want Engineers that need to be told what to do. We want them to come up with solutions and to push back on things. And then everything else is a collaboration between, like, the, the designers, what leadership wants as a roadmap in interactions with customers. We are super open with our customers. We are, we have our shared channels. With our customers, and we can see their feedback. Like, sometimes myself, I jump into threads. If it is like a, a small, annoying thing that they are complaining about the UI, I can open the PR myself. I fix it and I show them, like, I just fix this and it's probably going to land on your instance in the next deployment, which going to be on Monday or something. So we are very free form. We are not like in specific shapes and we are not really told about the things that we cannot do because everyone has a ton of agency and we expect everyone to, to have like the, the resources and the availability to do stuff. Either specifically to engineering, but also as a product in general. Like, you can contribute to the roadmap, you can push back on decisions. And, and usually it's very free form again because, like, our Engineers are kind of like our target users as well. So they know when we listen to them.  
Me: And this shift of more domain specific to more broader thing brother things. That was an improvement in a way or you saw it like particularly for you was a bit of a struggle right now how you felt this shift. Personally.  
Them: To be honest, certain parts of the product that add a specific team allocated to it. They did not receive as much investment, but at the same time, it was not like the. Biggest source of income from, for the company if, if, if I'm totally honest. So in terms of, like, resource management, it makes sense. So you allocate, like, your best people to the things that bring the most revenue or the market is demanding. But also, like the, most of these reorganization were not really done due to just. People oriented stuff. Like, when I join, it was 2022. There was no chat GPT at the time.  
Me: Yeah.  
Them: So when I join, it was completely pre AI, and we have written, especially with development. Like, as you know, development nowadays is completely different from what it was four years ago. So we had to adapt in that, in that regard. So, for example, we had a coding assistant that we kind of like sunset by now, which was Cody in order to have people building codi that was like the, the trend and what the market demanded. We need to take people from other parts of the product. So most of those reorgs were trying to address Market needs and customer needs. So we needed to take, like, people from things that were not as important at the time and allocate them to, to newer stuff. So, yeah, like for the things that are left behind, it's not great. But at the same time, as a business leader and as business decision, you have to allocate your resources in the things that the market needs. So for the newer products, it's, it's good that you're not, like, super tight to your past and you still have a team dedicated to something that is not as important right now. So we, you also need to look at the market and, and react to the things that happen there. So, yeah, it's not great for the old stuff, but you, at the same time, you need to, you are the company and you need to move forward. So you need to put that people on, on newer stuff. So. Yeah.  
Me: Great thank you thank you maybe I'm going to do one more I know we're running out of time.  
Them: That, that's fine.  
Me: But I was wondering about work-life balance and especially something I'm wondering is the overlap with the the the US how you handle that building is is fairly flexible how you live it in general.  
Them: Yeah. So, like, my, my experience, first of all, I'm a designer, so I'm not really a manager. So it's going to be slightly different. Maybe, I don't know. But in my case, it's, it's completely fine. Like, I'm the owner of my time. Since, since we still, especially in our time zone within Europe, we still have a lot of overlap with the us, especially in the afternoon. It works quite all right. Most of the time it's, it's, it's also going to depend on the team that you are working in at the moment. If it's mostly focus on Europe, then it's not going to be a problem. So work life balance. I cannot complain.  
Me: Yeah of course.  
Them: Like, sometimes I stick a little bit longer at the end of the day because I can, not because, like, I'm told to do so. And so I, I never had an issue with it. I think it was a little bit harder back when we had more people in the Asian time zones, like Australia and Japan. That was really tough to manage, especially when, when you had, like, Americans, Europeans and someone from Australia in the same project, you always had to pick, like, two of them. You could never get the three of them in the same call, Etc. That was a little bit challenging. But right now we are mostly optimizing for us and Europe. And I think that works quite all right. Maybe, like, again, like, maybe managers need to have more sync meetings with the us. So that might be slightly different.  
Me: Yeah. Yeah yeah but I also interested to know you like I go into manage people that is in Europe that most likely have so I also interested in seeing your point of view as a non-manager how you handle it how is it for you so yeah.  
Them: But. I, I have, I have zero issues with it. I'm the owner of my calendar. If I need to start early to be on an interview or to do something else, I do that. But if I need the time in the middle of the afternoon to do something in my own life, like the company expects me to produce the, the outcome, not really the output. So it's not really, I've never been in a situation where I felt like my work life balance was out of the way. Maybe sometimes, like, near the deadline, you need to put a little bit more effort. You're, like, more focused.  
Me: Like that's that's normally expected yeah that's what we do yeah yeah.  
Them: Yeah, but that's. There. Yeah, but that's like certain times, like near a delivery or something, you need to put a little bit more effort. But other than that, it's completely all right. I have no complaints at all.  
Me: Thank you very much for the detailed responses.  
Them: Yeah. No problem. So in that case, Sebastian, thank you so much. I think you're still going to have more another call today, maybe two of them. No, one today and another one tomorrow.  
Me: Yeah intense.  
Them: Yeah. Yeah. It's, it's a long process. Again, thank you so much. I really enjoyed our conversation, and I wish you the best of luck for the rest of the process.  
Me: Yeah. Same thank you very much and have a good one.  
Them: Yeah. Bye.  
Me: Bye
