Meeting Title: Interview with Sourcegraph
Date: Jul 2
Meeting participants: Greco Sebastian, Schedule

Transcript:

Them: This meeting is being recorded. Right.  
Me: Hello.  
Them: Y.  
Me: Doing.  
Them: Good talking to you.  
Me: Same.  
Them: Can see my name already but I'm Peter.  
Me: Nice to meet you Peter.  
Them: Where are you calling from?  
Me: So I'm in Italy right now up north milan yes.  
Them: All right good deal. I have enjoyed the time I've spent in Italy. Yeah.  
Me: There is really a really nice country especially for tourism there is a lot in small really small area.  
Them: Yeah. I have to admit I have not been North Italy yet though I've been to southern Italy and Sicily. Yeah.  
Me: Food is way better down there okay.  
Them: Oh really oh no okay I didn't know that.  
Me: Southeast place to eat you know like that's no one put everything but I must say. For living is is better up north okay things are more order and yeah so yeah things work better how system roads trains everything like that is is a bit better in the north.  
Them: Okay. Okay. Closer to the Swiss border.  
Me: Exactly yeah yeah. Exactly.  
Them: Yeah. Nice nice. I was in southern Italy. Because my wife is half Sicilian.  
Me: Oh.  
Them: That her her maiden name is Nicolosi. And there's a little town of Niccolosi in in Sicily. So we we don't know anybody there but we went and visited we felt like we needed to go back to the roots or something.  
Me: Look so I'm Argentinian actually and I have also Italian roots okay so I have been living here in Italy for the past 10 years or so so for me it's a choice so I came here like that that was a choice but yeah I have a double citizenship and I have yeah so it is it is a really nice place you know really.  
Them: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah yeah. Yeah. Nice. Very nice. I love it. I I don't know if we're waiting for diego or not. I don't see him on the list on the invites but usually this interview this is a peer interview. And it would be myself I'm the engineering manager here at source graph for the two product teams one of which the code playing team is this open position here. And Diego is the engineering manager for the two platform teams one's named platform and one's named services so they're the the dev x platform services sort of infrastructure teams. And usually go night doing this you might have to put up with me all alone though. Where are I believe recording this and he'll watch it.  
Me: Yeah it is recording yeah.  
Them: I'm gonna I'm gonna give him a pink.  
Me: Yeah.  
Them: Yeah go ahead.  
Me: Actually in the list I only see you also when I got the invite but yeah in the documents where describe the different ones it says that usually is to engineer managers. Yeah.  
Them: And I see now that I look on the calendar he's out of office.  
Me: That's the reason.  
Them: So. It is down to you and it's down to me yes.  
Me: Okay.  
Them: Well that's fine we'll he'll watch the recording I'll I'll quiz you I'll try to put on my Diego persona which is difficult he's he's he's an inspiration to me it's a very accomplished manager. So we'll just we've kind of done intros here you know I've been at source graph for. I think it's going to be five years in December. Joined up as an IC spent a couple months as an IC here I'd been software engineer a manager from time to time but mostly software engineer for a couple of decades before this. And then they said hey we need to we're doing a reorg here we need a manager can you be a manager for a little while and here I am several years later doing the managing thing. Oh it's all right my heart is really in the engineering part of it and so I miss some of the. Coding but with with agents now I can get my fingers in more coding than than I had before so that's nice. So yeah so I've been in software a few years here oh I'm in I'm in Oregon I'm in the western coast of the United States.  
Me: It's very early good morning I checked before yeah.  
Them: Yes. Nine yeah nine o'clock that's fine I start my days. I start my days at six I go milk my cow. And then start work here you know shortly after that so a little bit different here I have a little bit of a farm here a few acres and a cow that I milk and goats and chickens and stuff so a little unusual.  
Me: Nice. Like you know like disconnect a bit from the all the technology and. Right.  
Them: Yeah yeah yeah yeah it is it's it's kind of fun to see where the food all comes from. Yeah yeah. So that's me and you're you are how about a little little bit of a more intro from you you're in Milan now.  
Me: Yes so Argentinian as I said I have been living here for 10 years I'm a father of a four-year-old also part of my my persona now and I have been developing since I'm a kid okay I have I have almost 20 years doing this so I started actually doing my own digital agency back in Buenos Aires I did that for almost 11 years had an office employees everything and then we moved more to to do some work doing stuffing and things with some clients in the us by the way in the east coast though and after that I we decided to give it a try on startup stream mix me my founder I did that for almost three years.  
Them: Yep yep.  
Me: And it failed as many other startups do but it was an amazing journey we learned a lot and I was doing video live streaming in the cloud so a lot of video transcoding webber TC those kind of things so it was it was very fun to be honest and after that. I got a proposal from from kind of a competitor to join them Riverside I was we were already shutting off the the company so I accepted I entered there there was a lot of matching on on technologies and and things like that. So I started on Riverside when we were six developers and 20 people in total and I left riverside last August 2025 and we were 300 in total and 110. Yeah engineers so it was also a really fun ride I started as an AC I move as an engineer manager team lead called it however you want but then I moved to a group lead position as well and I let four different teams there and and yeah and that goes last year actually a bit a couple of months before I decided that that was my I needed a bit of closing that was my chapter there so I decided to to live and have a sabbatical I have enjoy almost a year it's going to be sabbatical I started looking for a job like two months ago or something like that and yeah I had been having fun with all the AI and revolution that is happening because honestly I also experienced exactly what you did like I was a group lead so my time with code was zero but suddenly these hours between meetings now meant something you know like you could do so much more in those windows so yeah yeah so in this article I also focus a lot on on on this kind of all the changes that have been doing so I had a lot of fun with the small products I made and things like that so yeah I'm now looking for a new a new adventure and yeah I'm applying for Service graph.  
Them: Wow. So that as a group lead were you managing managers or were you managing IC managing.  
Me: Manager managers yes the entire group was like around 30 persons at the peak point okay so there was four different games yeah from different teams yeah so yeah basically that and the QIs as well right.  
Them: What it sounds like yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Managing 18 I sees but the.  
Me: Oh directly.  
Them: Directly yeah just because. If we get a chance we'll grab a beer somewhere and I'll give you the whole history but it was a reorg and a split and you could read about amp amp split off from source graph and it's all good you know there's there's no there's no acrimony there but it was just a big shuffle and in order to provide some continuity I just said yeah heck I'll I'll do the managing.  
Me: Yeah.  
Them: So a little bit overwhelming. And that's that's where you come in. This will be a bit of a bit of a calmer way to dip your toes back in the water I suppose we're looking at a team of. I think there's six ICs on it now and it's pretty focused in terms of product space. Well okay I'm comparing it to the other to the other team with 12 people in a much broader product space. So maybe it's not quite as focused. But it's a it's a bit calmer probably than. Managing a couple dozen or 30 people with you know managing managers to manage them. So that's yeah that's the that's the position here. Anyway yeah great let's dive into this I have a few questions asked. I would normally tag team but it'll have to be just me. And we'll just go through them try to keep the speed going so we have time for you to ask me questions at the end I do have to go to another meeting after this so I don't have a lot of time at the end to discuss this thing.  
Me: Yeah.  
Them: Often often we have some slack time at the end but not not this one so we'll have to kind of power through here and you'll see me reading you'll see me typing taking notes I'm paying attention I'm being engaged but I have to keep up with the the questions that were being asked let's start with the first one here. What are the main responsibilities of an engineering leader? You know you can be brief we have many things that we do but one of the main ones.  
Me: I think the first one is in the name itself right is leading okay is understanding the the the the where we want to go and how we want to do it and keep people motivated and and go into the same place and I also believe that also is very important to keep up growing and mentoring the team as much as possible and understanding how they want to what they want to do how they want to do it. Now announce that there are constraints and reality that we need to adapt as well but I think it's important for everyone me included to understand where we're going and how we can grow as professionals or even as a teammates right so I think those those two things I think the ones that I really think are the pillars of it yeah let's say those and of course we have objectives. And we have a product to build and be passionate about it and I think it's it's important to to work as a team I always say that I like to to to lead as an example so if it's possible I like to be also doing code and doing and experiencing the same thing that every other teammate is doing it so that's the only way to really understand them and be aware of what is going on inside the team.  
Them: Yeah. And and how do you know if you're doing a good job of that how do you know you're if you're doing a good job of leading.  
Me: Yeah that's that's a hard one honestly wow I guess I guess you get you need to be open to feedback right you need to give opportunity to your team to give you feedback as as I give feedback to to my teammates they they should have safe spaces to give me feedback and understand if I'm I'm doing something that I'm like let them grow and help them etc and then there are results key things that you want to push forward KPIs that you want to push and objectives that you need to meet and I think those are very deterministic let's say that they're easier to measure but then there is all the people kind of thing that that's not as easy as to measure right so it is a bit of a mix of both things right that we and and also I think is collaboration with other teams stakeholders that's also part of the the feedback that it is good to have right from from other teams and seeing how they're doing and and understand if if they are working well together if we're good communication if we were all going in the same direction or not I think that's also another measure that you could you could say is important.  
Them: Yeah okay good deal. Part of leadership is building trust and there's two dimensions to that for a team there's trust between you and the team and then there's trust within the team. How do you build that how do you build both of those kinds of trust.  
Me: Between the team and between the manager and the particular.  
Them: Between the yeah between the so there's there's trust with your team with you and your team between the manager and the team and and then there's building and then there's building trust inside the team yeah how do you help with that?  
Me: Yes I think it's from my point of view is. It's very straightforward and it is. Giving people. Responsibilities and ownership and also at the same time make them accountable for what they do for sure you don't want to be micromanaging anyone everyone are supposed to be adults and we trust each other and needs to be both ways and I think all the other thing is good communication because we're people right people have frictions people have different ways of seeing things but I think understanding have a good communication open candidate communications is the most important thing and and this should be something that happens between all of them and again I'm really I want people to have the place and the time to talk about things in the group only with me in places where people can communicate and express the frustration or also the good things and and they good things that we're doing as a team and sharing but I think trust comes also with yeah just counting that the people are going to do what they need to do and if it's not happening having a good honest conversation with them and setting goals and and measures and that goes both ways right and as me as a manager for them and then as I see their own ownerships and between team I think I think it's important to not to foster some kind of common work not having this long wolf kind of ideas try to people to help each other out before the others and and try to understand the dynamics of it of a team right not every team is the same there is no recipe for anything I think it's it's very people oriented you you need to understand a bit the climate but yeah I think those are the main things in my ideas and my experience that leads to trust and team like work as a team I think it's important to foster that culture inside the teams.  
Them: And how do you measure that how do you know when you've succeeded in building a lot of trust building a high trust team.  
Me: Yes that's an interesting question. Measuring is difficult because I believe that in my opinion is that it's difficult to measure something like that but you can see I think it can be feel when when a team a team is a group of persons is not static is not all velocity and story points okay dynamics changes and people need collaboration and you can see if people is being collaborated with between them if they are pushing together to to a common goal if someone sees that someone else is in trouble he offers itself to go there I think you can see it in the in the in the dynamics of the team but you can also push it to be like that right you can put people to work together you can foster this kind of situations where they need to work together to common goal and this time this type of things and then you measure the the how it went and how the the feedback from the team is also I think that again having retros looking at what they have to say and understanding how the dynamic of the group is is doing I think it's again very important measure.  
Them: Yeah okay thank you. We're doing pretty well regarding time here I also checked my calendar again we have an hour so we're doing great.  
Me: Okay great.  
Them: Initially this interview was a half hour interview and I gave some feedback and I said that is not enough time and I guess they took my feedback.  
Me: That's nice that's really nice yeah they also updated the documentation as well so it was good.  
Them: Good. Speaking of feedback let's talk about constructive feedback it's always the best kind of feedback. And it's been a while with your sabbatical but if you can think back in your memory I mean maybe during your sabbatical you got some constructive feedback. But what's the most valuable piece of constructive feedback you've got and you know as recent as you can. But you know maybe because you're sabbatical you have to go back a year or two.  
Me: Yeah yeah so so we we have every. Half a year in rivers that we have our performance review for everyone so that's like the deep lays of feedback right like that was where we give each other feedback even if it's not necessary to to get the feedback only in those moments constructive feedback I got during my because to be honest I didn't know how to do my work as a group lead I learn by doing right and and the good thing is I have a good manager that really helped me to understand and dive those kind of things and I think one part of the feedback so again so you're not looking for constructive feedback they gave it to me or how you get constructive feedback oh you want constructed fit what I got.  
Them: Constructive feedback somebody gave to you yes yeah.  
Me: Yeah so so something I actually had to work along this this new management experience for me was understanding that. I shouldn't be doing everything and I should be learning also how to say no to people in a in a in a good way not only for respecting my own time and it's it's mostly because also this this what we talk about giving people ownership is also not helping to someone if you always say yes and jumping in and just doing things for them and and being trying to be all over the place is first is not. Good for your sanity let's say and and also it's not good for for the people you're you're managing I think people needs to have ownership and responsibility and this is something me coming from an initial. I see in the company where we were six and we were doing everything and and this change of mindset it was something that I needed to do and it was a work it's something that I need to keep reminding myself until the last days that this is something that actually brings more value for me to correctly understanding or delegating or understanding when something is not a priority and when to try to help this person that is asking for my particular intervention in another way right okay I cannot do this for this and this this is why can I offer you someone can look at this with you but you need to take take it and own it and those kind of things I think that was something that I had to learn during these changes in riverside that I felt like it was. A slow progress let's say yeah yeah.  
Them: I can appreciate that I've done a lot of learning while doing recently. And and I can really appreciate that. And my manager Dan has been he's the CEO now he's been very. Helpful and guiding and has given me some constructive feedback a few times.  
Me: Yeah.  
Them: Which is good I can I can learn and grow.  
Me: Yeah yeah that's part also like my growth we're saying everyone needs growth and and I felt when I started in this new position it was a weird situation right I was an engineer manager I wasn't enjoying it I think I was doing a nice job and then the head of engineering resign and there was an emptiness so reorganization I got teams that I didn't have before we created teams in the meantime and it was like a lot to digest in one go but yeah I started working directly with the CEO and really we went through that kind of together so yeah it was it was a lot but you learn a lot as well you know that that's how it happens usually yeah.  
Them: Yeah okay. Yes. Very sympathetic that sounds very parallel to my experience here yes. Yeah my goodness okay. So working with this so so you got this. You got you got this feedback this constructive feedback about hey quit trying to jump in and help everybody you've got to focus on what's important for you your role as a manager can't spread yourself so thin. Was that from the CEO during this period of reorganization.  
Me: Yes, it was from the CEO. The other way around because I was coming to him saying, look, I don't have time. My time is very. He came back saying, look, I think let's look at your calendar. Let's do it together. Because I think what's happening here is a different thing. You cannot be all over the place. You need to start doing this delegation better people. Can count on me. Okay. But can not only depend on me. There is quite a difference between those two things.  
Them: Yeah. That's some good insight there yes. Yeah. Right. Okay so you took this you got this feedback. I mean you you initiated it but you got some good feedback how did you respond when you got that feedback and what did you change as a result of it?  
Me: So initially. I was like, I acknowledge that that's the case, yes. But in my first reaction was okay, but if I don't do it, no one will and I need like things need to get moving and all these kind of things. But I think the conversation was this wasn't during our performance review. Actually it was during our one-on-ones I have things with every single week and so sometimes we will talk about something particular and then the conversation will go to a more generalistic kind of concept of how to deal with these things. But it was also for me understanding what was my new role. My real role was guiding people and sharing the knowledge I have and making teams that are strong and independent and that's what the mindset I needed to change. A bit coming from a builder, someone that did startups and used it to do all by itself and doing all those kind of things. I think I needed to change a bit my mindset. I think that's so I initially took it like okay but if I don't do it and then I understand that it's part of my job to my objectives my success is to build this kind of teams. And I remember one time I was saying this phrase to nadaf which is the CEO saying at some point when this was already passed and everything as a look you can how is it he was asking me how is this team lead doing? I said look this team is doing fine. You can fire me tomorrow and they will be just fine. I said don't take it they eat so literally right but yeah that is going great right now. But yeah at some point it became like this idea that. I find also that success right to see that my teams were doing it in that way. It became, I also have to change my mindset in that sense. What is success looks like right and I think that was my journey there. Honestly.  
Them: Interesting yeah yeah yeah very nice yeah that's that's a that's a scary statement a scary phrase to say to the CEO you can fire me.  
Me: Yeah yeah it came out it came out like too naturally I guess but yeah.  
Them: But that is a place where we want to be.  
Me: Yeah.  
Them: Have a. Robust team a team of a team who can respond to adversity and and grow and continue to deliver and stuff. Yeah. Okay.  
Me: Especially in a situation like riverside riverside was a place where we started so there wasn't there was a very small startup documentation was in there so knowledge was very concentrated so there was this fear that someone lives and there is an emptiness and there is chaos that actually happened. So the idea to build something that is also more healthy culture if I had to take two weeks of vacation things need to move and is being is good that you come back and people need you but nothing stop and everything went the right way right that's the healthy thing to do and even better if you can build it in a way that it's longer than that right but yeah.  
Them: Yeah yeah yeah good. So so now let's talk about feedback that you had to give to somebody. If you could tell me about a situation. Where you had to have a tough conversation with a teammate had to give this kind of you know maybe this kind of feedback or just have some other kind of tough conversation. Can you describe the situation and how you approached it?  
Me: There are many things like that so three years you have these situations now and then. I think the latest fresher for me was the situation was that we had a new VP of engineering another great manager for me and this this guy came on one of my. One-on-ones and told me look I have this particular engineer it's a brilliant engineer but we're having performance like he's not doing well and he's completely demoralized okay and to be honest we try to work it out with him and we get a lot of negativity he's always complaining so we're trying to to understand what to do I'm very inclined to fire him he went like directly to this but I want to give him a chance and he came saying okay he already expressed that one of your teams might be interesting for him okay. And that that he would be excited to work there and I know this guy because we work together in several different features and things like that and I knew it was a brilliant developer really good developer but the problem is it was a person that couldn't focus okay it will spend a lot of time time management for him on the task and and being on good deadlines it was a problem so the VP came saying okay if you're willing to take this challenge I want to put it in the the platform team because I think he has a lot of knowledge and can help you in this moment but knowing that. This is an issue are you willing to take the challenge and and honestly the seniority is something that I was looking already we were trying to hire the seniorities we're having someone with this annoyance for me was like something I wanted in that team in particular that things when played in a way that I was group lead and and the team lead resigned for the platform team so I was at the end I ended up doing both things so I ended up directly managing this person. And yeah so they had feedback was there at the beginning it was messy because he was in between teams and it was a handoff and it was a bit messy. But then we started seeing the same patterns on my team okay it's the exact same patterns sorry in. His. So what how I approached this was very open he already knew this he already got this feedback so it wasn't a surprise for him so I went there say hey look I love the ownership that you have that you always go to the bottom of things but we need to work as a team okay if you're late with the task you were like every the whole team is late okay it's not like only you and also something I really try to make him understand is that also the the fact that him being late with the task because he was or either helping someone else because happening a lot it was someone that will get interrupted and go to help again I felt a lot that because you need to learn to how to say no and if people is dependent on you this doesn't work so all that I was already living I tried to also give it to him but especially lack of communication we're a team if you're stuck if you're having a problem or you're taking more time talk with us maybe we can help you out maybe you can say okay it's not worth the the time that you go so deep on this let's just drop it and let's finish what we have to do so what I try to do is go to something smooth with him understanding that he was someone that had a lot of people and it was amazing like problem solving skills I put him in a task that I knew that he would love in the server and it was going deep in the code and understanding and then adding that but at the same time I gave him very clear tasks to SLAs tickets to to do and some bug fixes that we need to do and some dependencies to other teams and say look let's try to face it out and I want you I need you to move these things and if you're getting stuck or you need help we are here we are a team okay, but we cannot have this and to be honest it wasn't immediate it was like a process but I saw something that I think is very important when you give feedback like this is the willingness to change the willingness to do he actually openly talk about it in our daily say no no yes maybe I need help with this and can someone because I'm already stuck with this one and I need I need to clear it by today and and of course it's something that along the way I was eight months after he entered okay, so along the way is something that I kind of have to remind him you see that his personality was like on the distracting side but I saw really an improvement and we actually had a I had a really good performance review to him at the middle of the year and we actually gave him above the average because giving him this face down I think it worked really well because he could do something that he really loved and also learning to commit and deliver what we needed to commit and deliver and of course these this performance review and rates that come was also signed by the VP so I felt like he signed in it was also okay. It can be seen the impact here so so yeah I think I think that's how I handle it in that particular case that I knew what was going on okay and I got like something coming but yeah hard feedback for me is being transparent and very the first understanding how can I unblock you if you're having problems for something and then if the things keep happening okay let's put objectives and try to be very objective of how to measure this in time to commit okay because this is what it's all about I can help you this way but you need to get me back something and we go in that direction and I think I talked too much and if we're looking at the like clock now but I think you get the idea I'm sorry.  
Them: That's that's quite a story. Love the outcome. Feels feels like a very validating approach or validated approach you had a good approach. It took time you stuck with it. The teammate stuck with it. And ended up. Improving and growing and succeeding so that's great. I love it. That's good.  
Me: Yeah the team was very thrilled when he came right because senior with him like everyone wanted to work with him everyone goes to him also like yeah that was also something like let's have this guy let him do this things right if you need also dependency is not depending on someone is not good you know yeah.  
Them: Yes. We we've done restructuring. That involved you know moving a senior teammate out of an area where there was a lot of dependency on that person. And it's always been. It's always been a pretty good outcome. Other teammates step up. They realize they you know were maybe over relying on the senior teammate they can do it on there you know they could they can accomplish more things on their own they grow and you know having the senior teammates still available to help or to guide. But not quite as available usually leads to pretty good growth on the team.  
Me: I agree I said before if you do things for them you're not helping them at the end right it's I think it all connects now but yeah it's something you learn with time as well right.  
Them: So. Yep yep. Speaking of learning with time how else do you learn what do you do to get better as an engineering leader.  
Me: Wow a lot of stuff questions today. What I do to get better so so I was very focused on my people management part okay that was my my kind of journey okay I really wanted to improve on this because to be honest I learned this in the time like managing I learned to love it I didn't know I would enjoy it okay it's something that I that I was surprised when it happened. But then what I do is I think is is important for me also keep growing as an engineer okay I don't only want to grow as an engineer manager again again I think all relates to these kind of idea of I should give an example so if I'm not improving if I'm not learning from the other teams if I'm not absorbing what they have it is it is not what I want for my team I want them to work to learn from each other and and those kind of things then there are very specific things you you could do right read them and understand this platform team was an idea that I bring after. The baby of engineering. Tell me look about teams typologies and think about it and what do you do and so these kind of things are important. And I think. Especially when you have some kind of. Problem is the time when you try to get some solutions and you go out to learn about something in my case was. This this this team having problems on ownership and domain and not understanding exactly what was the objective of the team and what was responsible for and and those things I believe it takes you to to learn and and try to review but I also believe that you can learn a lot from other people right from your managers from your colleagues from your peers how they doing how they how they how they manage and hopefully you have a forum and time to talk with them and hey how you handle this and and having this trust and that always help I was lucky enough to go with my partner from the to Riverside to always have this very close friend saying hey how did you do this how you handle when something like this happened and I think also that enriches people like talking to each other and understanding. And yeah also yeah I think that's it. I guess.  
Them: Yeah yeah good. Yeah. Have you read the team topology book. It's called team topology.  
Me: Now yeah no. Yes I haven't read the entire thing I read the the concepts behind it and the different teams types that's why I decided to do this platform team very focused on what we needed and it was a mix what was the other typology the one that also shares the knowledge and helps people supporting.  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: I don't remember.  
Them: I'm not remembering all the terms right now but yeah sounds familiar yeah there's you know.  
Me: Yeah but. Yeah so yeah so we try to do this transform this team in this way which was also a change for the team right but it was positive. As well.  
Them: Yeah yeah. I admit to going a bit off script here but I will ask who who have been your mentors have you found mentors along the way as you've. Gotten deeper into management.  
Me: I did have briefly my very. Different managers that I think I have been absorbing the things that I like about them and that's how I because of Riverside was a bit messy on that so we had three three BPA of engineering in three years actually in four years and we have a lack of people of engineering for a year almost a year so there was a lot of changes and a lot of. Self learning and hitting walls you know sometimes when you make mistakes you learn as well.  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: But no I do have two persons that really help me step up one was Raquel was the one head of engineering in riverside when I when I got the promotion to engineer manager and then one of the VPs that came that was only one year. That for me. Gave me a lot of. Planning and structuring and correctly planning on the teams and I was a group lead already when he came and I learned so much about of him about that and also how to deal with with the growth right the growth is not something CC to to handle is very hard at least for us was very very hard so put order and processes whenever needed sometimes we try to do scrum at the beginning and it was a mess like no one understood anything but at the end when we applied it it was.  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: Really needed and and applied it in a way that yeah. So not a single mentor I think I have.  
Them: Nice.  
Me: A potpourri you can say I don't know if you can say that in. Yeah.  
Them: Oh yeah a potpourri of mentors yeah I like that. Yeah I have I have found a few on in my journey also yeah. Well now any questions from you now's the time for you to ask me questions usually they're about source graph but you can ask whatever questions you'd like you know keep this a two way street here.  
Me: So so I ask. How Daniel was.  
Them: Daniel mark.  
Me: Yes so I asked him very like you know those questions that usually you do they're very common questions but I really believe it's a good one that what what do you think would a year from now if I enter in the into the job what would you define is you took a good decision hire me what I would be doing well to do this. And and I think we if I understand correctly I'm going to take part of your very your spread to theme as well right so you're you're trying to to to be able to to split these teammates and so I asked you the same thing as I don't know if it going to be a peer or not but it doesn't matter I think mirror is what would you think it would be a good come out of me entering and managing this six persons group and how you see our collaboration or work together what would be success from your point of view?  
Them: Yeah. I would look at the team I would see how well is the team doing how how strongly are they delivering because that's what teams do teams deliver stuff. And and how well are they working together to do to to deliver things? You know maybe there's going to be growth in in terms of number of teammates maybe not it's you know it's hard to say but but I think generally at the index of a of a good manager is is how well the team works together to deliver stuff. So I think if if I look if I looked in a year in the in the code playing team was. Strong thriving growing had some maybe a maybe a promotion or two in there but again that's a bit optional and was was exhibiting the qualities of a high trust team. Then then I would say yeah this is great Sebastian was a real. A real gem you know a good a good hire. And and yeah it's a little bit vague right so some of these things are are hard to describe in the future. I think. The the products that teams working on are thriving or good decisions are being made about those products sometimes in order to thrive a product has to be cut you know or abandoned or deprecated but the products are thriving and the team is working well together.  
Me: Okay good good very similar response that they gave me yeah.  
Them: I think so yeah daniel I like chatting with daniel he's pretty insightful. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.  
Me: And I have a good like a question about.  
Them: What else. You got for me.  
Me: This how many hours we have. Eight hours nine hours difference.  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: Because. You're you're also managing people that is in Europe right that's that's all right.  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: Okay. How that plays out and how do you think that will play out for us because I guess we will have to work together and plan together maybe I don't know how how you do those things but yeah how it works in general.  
Them: Usually people adjust their hours a bit to get overlap. So later earlier whatever for me it was I I adjusted earlier there's. Probably three quarters of my teammates are in europe.  
Me: Okay.  
Them: So I I adjusted earlier and I usually catch the European teammates in their afternoon so I start my day. At 7 30 now used to be seven but now that I'm milking a cow I pushed it back to 730. And catch catch the European teammates teammates in their afternoon. My morning some european teammates stay later. And then there's the ones or there's. I think there's only one now in in more of an Asia time zone those are difficult there's very little overlap there and for for that one I usually catch some sink time in my evening five or six o'clock. So usually there's some adjustments and and then all on top of that or maybe because we can't all adjust perfectly we do a lot of focus on async communications. I found it a little bit hard to adjust because I came from and came from. All United States West Coast. Team to to people in Europe you know it was just quite an adjustment for me. But once you adjust it's it's actually. Kind of preferred because everything gets written down documents are created processed as are written down you you have time to think about things because you you leave it overnight for somebody else to look at so there's more reflection on it so there's a lot of async communications. For you in particular and the code plane team they are all in European or or ish time there's. A couple in Granite mean time a couple in cet what is the central european time they're all roughly around your time zone and so there's probably in fact I would say that's almost a danger because you can become very sort of insular isolated you know really fall into the very comfortable patterns you'll have your 10 or 11 o'clock in the morning meetings or sinks and and you know early early afternoon ones and those outside of your time zones will maybe not see you as much or you won't think about them as much there is one teammate.  
Me: Isolated. Yeah.  
Them: Going to be on that team who is in the Asia time zone so that will keep you on your toes. Yeah a little little more.  
Me: Yeah yeah that's exactly because because I asked these and they tell me no the team is mainly in euro but I was saying yeah but there's other teams right so I'll probably have to talk with them work with them right so there is how how this happened yeah I understand so.  
Them: Yeah. Yeah.  
Me: I think I understand I also asked the guys that I met how they handle it and yes this flexibility goes both sides right so you.  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: You maybe you have some meetings in the lake just to sing with the west coast and things like that.  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: Okay very good.  
Them: Yeah that's generally how it works. I I believe the handbook calls for a certain amount of overlap I don't remember.  
Me: Yeah 20. Quick it says yeah.  
Them: 20 hours a week okay yeah. They excuse me they've adjusted that recently so I think the 20 hours a week is new. You know the the metric of that is velocity momentum all that and if velocity is great then the overlap is you know a means to get there it's not the it's not the important thing to measure I think that's in the handbook as. A almost as a gatekeeper you know so you know you have to be willing to adjust some.  
Me: To be completely honest it's the first thing I said to to to the recruiter okay and say hey look 20 hours I don't know if I can make that happen but I'm sure that I can overlap 10 or a bit more and of course having some meetings here and there but but strictly 20 hours Jesus said to me it's not as strictly is that we need to have this flexibility so that's what we keep moving in that direction but it still is something that I wanted to to hear from from from the team working right.  
Them: Yeah. Right. If if velocity of team velocity suffers then that's a thing to fall back on right you say hey look we've got to get better velocity we need more overlap. Teams work better in sync so let's get more in sync and have the overlap we should have but if velocity is there and teams moving and shipping and whatever then the the mechanism is less important. So yeah. Yeah. What else we have a few more minutes like five more minutes.  
Me: Okay? I think I think I I covered the the main questions.  
Them: Great. All right well it was great talking to you it was fun to hear some very parallel experiences with yours my experience.  
Me: Amazing. Indeed. Yeah yeah indeed great thank you very much for your time Peter and have a good one.  
Them: Yeah. Oh yeah. Good chatting with you and hopefully I'll talk to you later.  
Me: Okay hopefully yeah bye bye.
