Meeting Title: Interview with Scalapay
Date: Jul 10
Meeting participants: Greco Sebastian

Transcript:
Them: Sebastian.
Me: Hello, how are you? Nice to meet you. You hear me?
Them: Yeah likewise nice to meet you. How's things?
Me: Doing good, doing good. Thank you.
Them: So I was a bit late so I typically like to run these if I can maybe just spend two minutes quickly to expand on what everyone else maybe has said on the company. Then there's a couple of questions I'd like to ask and then open slab up for you to ask any questions. Great. Very briefly. So we do credit and we do bnpl so we launch first at the checkout but the thing that I find most interesting about what we do is. The customer that we solve and the problem that we solve for the core customer. For us the core customer is a woman over the age of 30 who manages the family budget middle to low income that typically lives outside the the city centres. And the job that we do for them is managing their monthly budget. We do a part of the job. We don't do the full job. Why is this very important? Because if you look at all the things that this person does. The thing that they least like is dealing with a public administration. The second thing, the second last thing is dealing with their finances. Comes with. A whole bunch of emotions that are not very pleasant. So why the banks don't serve this type of customer is because banks make the majority of their money on deposits on interest that they charge on deposits. This customer doesn't bring that many deposits. And so yes whilst they all have bank accounts, the bank never optimizes for them and for this specific use case because they don't really want more of those customers. And also the bank has a very high cost to serve. So, you know, they have to be selective. So the, you know, we meet the customer in the checkout. We give them credit, we build trust. We now have 12 million customers that that talk really highly of scalar pay. Then we give them access to a card. So they can start using us. And bnpl online online online purchases is only like, like, you know, one depending on the customer, but typically like 120th of the spend. In the year. So then the rest. Where's the rest? The rest is in like the store stores, physical stores. It's on the account. So what we did, we launched the card this year. This is the second year of the card. We'll do approximately three 400 million euro on the card this year. The next step is then opening accounts and starting to work with the customer on their account. Simple things like if you get a bill one day before your next pay slip. You should just be able to move the bill to your to after the pay slip. Right? Just simple things to help really help with flexibility to manage the budget. So that's at a high level. I think if we do this well. It's obviously much bigger than bmpl. I mean, we've grown a lot, but it also means that we can start opening up more countries where you don't have to have a huge merchant network to solve a lot of problems and be of high value for the, for the customer. And then, yeah, if we jump into questions, the first question on my side is what is the most exceptional thing that you've, you've done? It can be personal or private, where exceptional is not necessarily something you're proud of, typically is. A lot of people say I had a child, which is great, but millions of people have children every day. Like what, what do you think you've done that most of your peers couldn't have done in a similar situation?
Me: Also because exceptional is such a big word. But yeah, putting it on peers, I think it's something I can try to think. Okay, I don't know if it's exceptionally something I'm proud of. For example, let's talk about my latest experience in Riverside. There I started when the company was very small. There was a small startup and we grew very, very fast. And part of this growth went with a lot of huddles, hustles and problems and things like that. And one day we got this very important task to add a new plan to, it was a SaaS. Okay, so we had a plan. So I was part of the dashboard and the payment parts. So of course the system was an early startup system. So all the things were hard coded there. So all the features were or either it's locked because you're in a free or you're paying, right? That was the status. So they added the push for adding these new middle standard plan. So when I went there, I knew that this was something that of course I could have done in the time they asked entirely and just implemented add more in the if sentence put okay less if is standard like don't show this and show that. But that wasn't something that is scalable from the point of view of engineering. And this was something that with every new feature it will just keep our massive tech debt. Right. But at the same time I understand that we were like a young startup and we wanted to ship things fast and be competitive. Right. So this is the typical kind of thing that you have as a manager or as a, I wasn't a miner by the way at that time yet. So what I what I did there is basically say okay I want to do a factor of this because this is not sustainable but how can I put a good case on this right? So. What I did is I have been working a lot with the sales team and the CFO on the new enterprise accounts because we were growing a lot on enterprises. By then we had a 45% revenue comes from enterprise customers in for B2B and riverside. So we were already on top of that and everything. So I was working with them a lot and I saw that there was a lot of pain on creating new accounts and giving them different features and the account exchange should talk to us and we should like do a lot of things very badly. So I did a proposal there. What if we do something more established but it can bring a lot of value from the business point of view. We could create the system that allows to map every single feature and we can assign it to different accounts and plans and have override. So the account the executives and the CSM can directly handle the change, the upgrades temporarily showing something. And of course I got also the backing of the CFO on this one right and he was yeah let's totally do it and I said of course it's going to take a bit more time. But if you do it in this way we can start launching the standard this way like I kind of did the face to face. But I'm very proud because of that because at the end in the long run even when I left 40 and a half years later that same system I did one of the big kind of. Work refactors let's say that was done it was still bringing a lot of value because we could up sales teams much easier. We could give a small very quickly a CSM or an executive could could give the value of an enterprise account to a pro user and then do the upsell completely. And it was a very big generator of income. And also of a process like we had so much less pinging from and they got autonomy because we built like a tool for them to do it right. We had our backend for support and the CSMs and the account executives. Of course. And and for me it was a win-win situation where I planned and I did something that lasts all the time I was there and we added a lot of things on top and then tokens when AI came and buying tokens for AI features. And on top of that I think is one of those cases where I try to push for both things at the same time. I could have not do that right like it was very easily to be asked to just do this and it would be simpler for me. But yeah I think also that was. What gave me the trust of many people in Riverside of course it wasn't the first things I remember that I was a big success. I don't know if it's exceptional but but it is something that I do believe that is not that common when your special I'm hiring I have teams and everything and I have people that has such. An interest and then that thing is not that common and I'm proud of that to be honest.
Them: What, you know, the acronym bnpl.
Me: Yeah. I learned it recently yes by now pay later. Yeah.
Them: How would you, how would you estimate the total volume of bmpl in Italy? Not by scalar pay, but in general?
Me: In general oh wow. Look the payments is not my area. But I can estimate if you want. Yeah I can guesstimate. Okay. I always start with the market size but I don't know the market size so I'll start by. People how many people could bring. So let's say in Europe entirely.
Them: In Italy.
Me: Okay in Italy. Okay I'm gonna guesstimate like be nice with me on this one. Let's say we have I don't know how many 60 million people. 60 let's say. 60 and of course there are kids and elders that are not very tech savvy because say like. Half of the population. Could be kind of buying online let's say. Yeah. Maybe maybe a little bit less but let's go with 30 because it's also an easier number for me to handle. So 30 30 million. So you want to know how much value.
Them: What is the total euro amount of the total euro amount of bnpl.
Me: Okay okay I'm going to say okay let's. Say. E-commerce right e-commerce or you're also thinking. And paying. By now because let's say let's say this is my family then right like you you do by by family and you said 33 million let's take it by household and let's have as 30 million people.
Them: As?
Me: Yeah 3 million people. Maybe maybe let's. Say it's 10 million houses or something like that. Let's say one like three persons per per house average I don't even know but yes this thing is something like that. And per year you are saying so let's assume that maybe maybe. Maybe you do. Like. One per week. Ecommerce I know I do more than that than e-commerce transaction per week but let's say let's say because people don't do it very rarely but it's Amazon here I'd say so let's say there is one per week right so we said tenants on that's 10 millions per week okay 10 million by buying per week. How many weeks we have in a in a year 52 right something 50 let's do so 50 10 million. 10 million per week per 50 okay so 500 million per year okay. An average because I guess. Christmas and black fridays and those increases the thing but let's let's assume that the average is that 500 million let's say and that's the entire wow the entire the entire e-commerce so bmpl should be I don't know. 10% 10% of those adoption I don't know how many people I'm going to guesstimate 10% so let's say 50 million. But like orders of the mpl a year. And now we need to go to a number so I don't know. Sounds I'm saying maybe. Maybe each the average. The average would be. 200 maybe but I'm assuming if something that you you doing rates is not.
Them: That's fine. That's fine. No, we can stop the reasoning is correct.
Me: Okay. Yeah sorry. But that's like. Okay to billion something like that.
Them: Yeah, yeah.
Me: Okay.
Them: The numbers on that. Great. If I say the word suffering, what. Comes to mind?
Me: What comes to mind? Suffering.
Them: Yeah.
Me: People not having. Basic needs or losing.
Them: What's an example? I mean, you have a personal example.
Me: Cars like people. The person I suffer enough suffering.
Them: Yeah.
Me: I think I'm very a lucky person to be honest I'm a very lucky person because of course I have lost loved ones but but that's also part of life right. Maybe maybe I see my father's life was a bit he suffers a lot my father especially losing both of his parents very very young age so that that I guess and yeah losing a child yeah I have recently a friend that that last 11 year old girl to leukemia yeah wow yeah that.
Them: You must imagine that's right.
Me: That. S yeah. True. So again I'm a very lucky person. Very. Much.
Them: Okay. Any questions on your side?
Me: Look I had a question prepared because it's something like I always happy with pressures but now I think I was very curious about. How like thinking in AI right we have been talking a lot in AI in this recent interviews but never in how AI could be used in scalape right so I was trying to think how how being in the hype of doing just things that doesn't bring value I was always trying I was trying to think how this could bring value how AI could bring value and how you I mean you're a product guy right I saw your me and I was thinking how would you apply this but now you're now you're telling me I want to become a bank and help people with their finance I think it might be that way I was I want to know how would you use AI in your own product in a way that it brings a lot of value for your customers even merchants could be right like because you work with merchants as well.
Them: I think that, I think that. The biggest, one of the biggest impacts on AI is going to be. The way that the purchase. Experience changes. So, you know, today, if you're buying some clothing, you might go to zalando or you might go to a couple of different e-commerce's and have a look. You might go to a store. But the understanding that these chat bots have of an individual is, is incredible. People are now connecting their, their email. Like via the connectors. And so, you know, very easily can. An AI bot understand, like all your purchase history. They have, you know, search functionality. They can enrich the, you know, SKU numbers that they find in emails, etc. But just, just in general. They can, they can sort of like lights have just gone off just in general. They build a really good understanding of your taste and preferences, which has been the most difficult thing for an e-commerce to do. Everyone has done ml kind of personalization. If you like this, then you also like this based on what other people are buying. But it is, it doesn't work very well. Even the best like Amazon, how many times did you buy, I recommend. Like, because they bought this, then you also buy this. It doesn't really work. So now. When there is so much context about you via these apps, then your default purchasing behavior when e-commerce is enabled at these apps will be to use the apps. To do your shopping. When that happens, these apps are extremely smart. So like you think about a chat GPT clawed, whatever as an agent. Working on behalf of a customer. Then they say, okay. They eventually they'll also get you to connect your bank account to, to these services. Right. So they can do payments and do other things. Now. The financial literacy of a user goes from being pretty low. To being, like, warren buffet.
Me: Yeah.
Them: And they can also build solutions. So now the market is not just like what SaaS solutions or what. Off the shelf products can an agent consume. They can also bundle different solutions together. So maybe if they're managing your finances, they can open an account, a high saving, a high yield savings account. But then they can also put credit on that account by adding a credit card. Without exposing you to all the complexity of managing three different accounts. So. What I think is really important is that the way that we think about credit. Is done in such a way that becomes the easiest way for. One of these agents to actually consume credit and provide the user with credit. And so. When you think about what that means for us, it means that we have to be. Very flexible. We have to build the engine with all the variables and expose those to the agents, which will then, you know, if I'm making a purchase, why always split in three? Maybe I know the customer is getting paid. On in two days. I should just say, give me two days worth of credit. Because maybe that's the cheapest thing. Or if the customer's salary has a problem, they're not getting their salary. And the app knows because the employees messaging their employer saying, hey, my salary didn't hit my account. Then it should say, hey, I have this option for you to get like 1000 euro into your account like instantly and you can pay them back when you get paid. So there's a lot of things. And the most important thing on our side, one is technical flexibility. But the other thing is being able to underwrite the customer, know the customer. And then expose as much flexibility to the agents that are working with that customer. I think. I think the interface becomes less relevant. We won't own the surface that the user's touching.
Me: True that's so true so you're thinking like layer two like something like that again another layer on top so the agents can take all the advantages of of scalape on and do a smart decisions for the user instead of.
Them: Yeah. Yeah.
Me: Interesting. Nice.
Them: They may even handle various things together. Like we don't have an option at the moment. To. To, if you do an installment plan. Pay the first installment up front.
Me: Yeah.
Them: But. Actually maybe it would be better in for specific use cases to postpone the first installment to the pay date. Or to align all the debits. Of the installments to a payday and have them as a single debit on the account. It makes it cleaner for the customer. But you need to expose the agents these things because they're going to start reasoning through these things. Right. Like what are all the endpoints that I have to work with? Okay, what can I do? And they're going to start to use things in a way that we like haven't really thought about today.
Me: Well okay. Blew my mind on this one okay good. And maybe I have one more I know we are very tight on time but. I think I asked this because it's a question I ask usually when I'm interviewing because it allows me to understand a bit. What are your goals where are your challenges and it is I know it sounds trivial but it brings value to me also to say let's fast forward a year let's say you like this interview you hired me and I have been working and I have been delivering in a good pace and I'm a cultural fit and the basics are covert. And what would you what would be for you like thinking okay it was a great idea to hire Sebastian how what did I solve or what I'm solving or what challenges I have overcome in along this year in mean scalape.
Them: I think there's two things primarily that come to mind. The first is impact. Like, you know, the team size is getting smaller thanks to AI because people can actually deliver more. Different people. Are at different kind of stages of being able to leverage that. But what is the impact. And one of the, there's, I think there's two, two primary ways is one like, you know, how much better is this product for our customer and solving their core problem? And the measure of that is. In everyone's life there is X amount of touch points, financial touch points, checking my balance as a touch point, making a transaction as a touch point. So everyone has thousands of touch points every month. Of those potential touch points, how many did we capture from the user? Because that means then we're solving helping to solve that problem for our, for our, the core customer. The second one. So one is impact on cost and the other is impact revenue impact. Like, you know, the stuff that you've worked on has it had a revenue impact. I think the third, and then so these two in terms of impact. And then I think the other one is about setting goals. I think the highest level of autonomy is actually being able to challenge like, okay, this is the direction in which the company is going in. These are the company goals. How do I actually influence? Because I understand the leathers so much. That I influence the goals. That is really important. Because sometimes we pick the wrong goals. And sometimes, I don't know, because I'm not, I'm not, I'm not always exposed to the work that's being done at the, on the cold face and seeing. And so sometimes. And so I rely on the people that around me to say, hey, this doesn't make sense. Like, actually a better goal would be this. Not a better solution to the goal. Because if the goal is wrong, then the solution.
Me: Doesn't matter. Yeah yeah.
Them: Then it doesn't matter. So, so yes, I think it's impact both on customer and from a financial business perspective. And then, and then it's around about having influence the way that we actually set goals. Like, and setting goals is just a proxy for are we working on the most important thing? Yeah.
Me: Good also good to know that there is place for that because not always is the case.
Them: Look, there is the thing that we're trying to change dramatically is the level of autonomy in the teams. Because you can't scale without this level of autonomy. In some cases, there, you know, there's people. That don't think this way. And so it's not all road, it's not all rosy. But this is certainly the direction which we want to move. And so sometimes it'll require fighting for that to achieve that. But you'll have the support of management for sure. Awesome.
Me: Thank you very.
Them: Thank you so much. Have a great weekend.
Me: Same to you have a good one.
Them: Bye bye.
Me: Bye bye.
