Meeting Title: Interview with Scalapay
Date: Jun 12
Meeting participants: Greco Sebastian

Transcript:

Me: Hello, hello test. Ing.  
Them: Hello.  
Me: Hello. How are you?  
Them: Good thanks.  
Me: Yes.  
Them: Let me just have one second to set myself up here.  
Me: Sure.  
Them: Awesome all right all right I think we're good. Cool cool so Sebastian thanks for taking the time to say to meet me and to explore this scale of pay opportunity a little bit more and also thanks for taking the time to join this call. Maybe some quick introductions so my name is johnny I'm the CTO here at scalape also I guess the what the what you would say is the technical founder of the company been here right from the very beginning and and then some. And I guess a little bit about the role which you may have heard it's it's a replacement of of an engineering manager that's moved on. But it's actually one of the key kind of domain roles that I'll just quickly share with you a screen. Here we go. Just close this up okay so we've got this so this is kind of how the the the teams have been split so we've got our. Let me just close this up a little bit more there we go okay, so we've got the b2b kind of teams. We got risk payments. B to c data infra and then a governance role and these green tickets are essentially the I guess the managers or the engineering managers for those particular domains your gig would be here within payments and and take looking after payments and so it takes care of two areas they've got acquiring and core banking so acquiring is because we're a b2b2c. The acquiring side is us talking to the end user of scalar pay and collecting the funds from them. The b2b side is the core banking platform that we have where in which we we distribute funds to our merchants. And so it's kind of like you get to play with both ends of the spectrum there.  
Me: Nice.  
Them: All right cool so stop presenting and then so maybe tell us a little bit about yourself.  
Me: Yeah okay sure okay Sebastian here Argentinian living in Italy for the past 10 years now. I say I'm a full stack engineer but I have been managing teams for the past almost four years now my last experience was in riverside before that I did my own startup it was for doing. Video live production in the cloud that lasts like three years or so. Fail you know but that's part of the of the game before that I run a digital agency back in Buenos Aires then when I moved where I have my own clients and I got different projects different clients and different technologies etc etc so I guess the most relevant one was in during riverside I started there as one of the first six developers that was there and I grew with the company it was very high growth when I joined the company we were 20 persons six developers and we when I left it was 110 persons only in engineering and the whole company so I went there from an IC position to an engineer manager then to what was called a group lead there I was managing four different teams one of those was the platform team. And yeah that that was my my growth there yeah I always say that I'm a very product oriented kind of engineer I think and that's what drives me I think we we're here to build a product and to make our customers happy and that's what we need to have in mind when when designing and and building these systems basically I don't know if you have any specific questions for me.  
Them: No I mean look you're currently on a sabbatical at the moment is that what's happening?  
Me: Yes Riverside in August last year.  
Them: Nice and you're looking to get back into the game.  
Me: Yes yes I took my time off time with the family and now now I want something fun like that's what I'm looking for a new challenge.  
Them: All right cool so what we're going to do is we're going to I'm going to kind of ask you questions along three lines one's about people processes and then then obviously technology I might save the technology bit to last because it's probably the easiest thing to talk about we'll kind of start with the people side of things. So you you mentioned that you scaled I guess you know from a full stack yourself to an engineering manager and then to a group lead in like three years at the time you ended up managing about 20 plus people.  
Me: Yes.  
Them: So I'd like to I'd like to understand when you knew that you needed to hire managers underneath you versus you doing everything yourself what was that point that you said okay well I need I now need to break this up and have managers beneath me.  
Me: So so actually with kind of a decision that was made also by the business okay so we wanted to grow on so I was in charge of what was the dashboard team and we were already six myself and six developers full stack engineers and we were kind of bit of everywhere so at the time there was a head of engineering back then and we the necessity of having basically a new product during so they that we had the talk that it was very. Surprised on myself of how I was enjoying management to be honest I didn't expect that from myself so one of my talks my one-on-ones with my the engineer was to grow also in that area so they proposed me to create this new group where they're go were going to be cross. Domain areas so we created actually two teams in base of that and we didn't actually hire I had the people for that I had two very top performing ICs that they wanted to pursue engineering I have I was already coaching them and pushing them owners of the features talking directly with product in order to to train them shadow me in some interviews and things like that.  
Them: Well yeah let's let's maybe sit on that for a little bit longer so you said you kind of picked out so that you tend to do two teams underneath you which is good.  
Me: So. Yeah.  
Them: You then had these two I guess high performing guys that you wanted to coach into team leads maybe take a bit more time to bullet point out like what was the what was it that you identified in them first? And then what did you do to kind of groom them to to get them to that next level? And how did you know that.  
Me: Of course okay so so both of them basically was part of the grow path that that I you usually do this with my direct reports I have my one-on-ones and we said goals what they want to work on it what we expect from them and how to work etc both of them I wanted to pursue the management at the beginning they said right at the beginning we didn't have this idea but as soon as the talks about creating a new group because we were growing so much started we started working with them I think with with them was a different kind of. Let's say path okay there was one guy that was already very good at communicating with the stakeholders and product and has a lot of good communication skills. Of course both of them technically there were very good and that was out of the out of the questions so they were my top performing ones one was very frontend oriented the one. Was more back in the rear that what I work more with shalomi was one of them is basically on the leadership with the team I felt like he was. Not enough as a let's say what I work with him was particularly being set the high standards for the team as he was setting the high standards for himself and my point of view he wanted he needed to work on that and actually when he moved to that we kept working on that okay it was something that wasn't ongoing on the other side the other one that I had it was a very good technical person very good working with the team and being like a natural leader but the program that he has in my opinion was communication with product and the stakeholders and that's what we try to try to work with him more accurately and how we did it is basically being shadowing myself and then taking over and then me giving feedback on those meetings, on those interviews on those technical design reviews and those kind of things. I think that's how I manage them and then it was a process that continued during their leadership. It didn't end up there we were growing and we went for it, we interview all together and those kind of things and we kept working on those. Pillars let's say for a good amount of time of course when managing people you also have new challenges, people problems and also hiring and also people living and of course you you coach them and you help them in different situations in hard situations but I think for the pads we're like kind of different paths and I always say that like coaching for me is showing how I do it and how I just giving the example that you could say that that's how I prepared them and of course putting them on the line before going into the real thing right if they were a bit soft on certain things I will let them lead a specific feature and see how they react and how they give feedback to the to the team etc and then just try to loop on that process.  
Them: Yeah nice have you ever had an exam have you ever had an experience so one of the things that you'll be coming into with scalape is the team's pre established and they've kind of lost their engineering manager which they loved and he's moved on. So there's a bit of a it's a bit of a I guess a hole there have you ever been in a situation where you've kind of had to come into that kind of a position and maybe tell me about that experience?  
Me: Yeah but the platform team suffer from that. Actually what I didn't say is I choose like a successor for the platform that was original my team. That one I didn't name it I would say I have a very performance issues with with this person it was a great guy and also with something happened like Riverside I don't know if you know it's really company they are based in Tel Aviv so this guy was also during October 7 he went into the military for a couple of months and he came back kind of different from there so we tried to work this out and he couldn't communicate well under pressure with the stakeholders he wasn't good at doing something I felt it was very necessary which is filtering sometimes the pressure that you get of the problems that are in higher managing levels or the business etc to the team he was like and and I we tried a lot to to work this out but eventually we started talking about him like stepping out of this he ended up leaving the company like one month to the other so I was with a big hole there and basically. The team really felt it to be honest because still he was a leader for them but the fact that this was my previous team also helped because I knew them very well not like when you manage 27 people of course you don't know everyone very well. Of course and this theme was I knew them some of them I helped them grow etc so I actually partially took the it was a very hard moment for me I was doing two jobs at the same time I was leading that I took someone that helped me with all the. I cannot say that all the scrum. Meetings I cannot come with the to help me organize things and things like that but I was the leader in trying to get off me the more robotic kind of manual things to do luckily AI started coming from from there and help us all to that but yeah it was it was a big thing morally wise it was for them was a big hit but the fact that I was there and I was I took the place from them that helped them to be even more in peace. The ones that are where there couldn't cover that position either they didn't want it or they weren't ready for it so I basically started interviewing right away. And it was a very stressful time for me I would say because I was basically trying to be two places at the same time but yeah at the end we hired a new guy it took us. Almost four months to find the because also platform and it's not a very easy kind of team to hire for but yeah it took so long that actually I only had two months to do this guy's new entrance with him yeah he's now the platform team I don't know specifically I'm missing something that you wanted to know about this transition.  
Them: None of that all good thank you so the thing with riverside that went from 20 to 300 people while you were there. What were some of the things that broke in that in that that you found broke? And then what did you do from your end to kind of repair those gaps?  
Me: Okay so so the first thing I believe that we started to have problems is we do two things one trying to apply processes very very ugly. And that that killed killed us the momentum to be honest the other thing is when we started actually hiring because we had a good engineer head of engineer that actually started like getting the people that we needed is that we started having problems communication problems and misalignment between teams and this also happened I'm very very. We call it back then PM TL kind of unit. Manager and team lead and product didn't follow exactly and they have their own issues so we had a lot of communications in the product specifications and things itself we might be building something that other team was doing or doing something very similar and we didn't know till it came. Later okay so. What we did to do that we we made a lot of mistakes we learned from those mistakes we tried to do squats to work on features that didn't work for us we try to organize by domains and that started working very well that's where I got my dashboard team that initially was a thing then later on when we started growing we started planning better and applying scrum and the cannon aligning all everyone cadence I think the biggest change that put us all in line was a proper quarterly planning that that was a game changer especially was mapping the dependencies between teams which was a big thing in riverside because we had a very big monolith like many startups do so we were stepping up each other dose all the time those things really change how we plan of course you plan also to. In a startup like riverside you plan to not commit to that plan things change so rapidly there that of course you you plan a quarter and it's too long a quarter is way too long but at least it gives you a framework where you talk about the main issues and the priorities of the whole company and that really changed how how we improve the communication between them what I did personally when because we were without a year without head of engineering and neither VP so basically myself I had my group and was reporting directly to the CEO so I tried to do it on my own way to gather the other team leads and foster a bit more the communication between them try to set up some guidelines and specifications on how to do certain things.  
Them: What are some of the guidelines that you drove where did you guys end up.  
Me: Yeah technical designs for example and trying to sign off those technical designs with other people other teams also something that really work better than iOS expecting is the technical design reviews were open to everyone. And everyone could join and worse in a shared calendar so people will join from other teams of course if you were you knew that another domain where especially you you have to have it in that meeting of course but also opening to everyone that could jump in see what we were doing see what we were building and also challenge our ideas those kind of things were things I push very hard and actually did did a good in my opinion of course a good impact in general especially for me like me being in the in the platform team and knowing what other people were doing and were working and how they're planning to do certain things were important and we are also introduced some tooling for this like code owners in the monolid to have people like really review certain parts of the code that we knew that were critical or important for for certain things so those kind of things also came from my proposal and trying to put things in order and not have such a mess that we had for a period of time.  
Them: Yeah yeah. Okay so and I guess the other thing that you know happens as you scale up to that 300 number is you need to get some sort of on call support roster happening and that's actually always a challenging thing to put together so how did you do yours and tell me what experience you had and and some of the failures and successes that you had in putting that thing together.  
Me: Yeah this I would care my my biggest failure to be honest because I pushed for these rotating on call system. But we lacked of the the tooling they didn't want to I really tried to push them to buy this and and two times dp of.  
Them: Who was it? What do you mean you say you're trying to push them to who are you pushing to buy.  
Me: Patriarch duty well we were without without VP of engineering for a while so I was talking directly with the CEO okay also we didn't have a head of devops for a while so we that was like a very gray area as well so we had our very. Like we didn't have pager duty for example so ended up me being on call all the time that's that was the the biggest and and that honestly took.  
Them: What would you do different?  
Me: Me oh I would set a proper. First. There's so many things.  
Them: This way how would you have that conversation with your seat now that you did. A year's worth of on call by yourself and obviously one of the reasons you left for a sabbatical was because you needed a break.  
Me: Yeah but that's certainly some not on to my shoulders for sure yeah.  
Them: So how would you have that conversation again with the CEO now.  
Me: To be honest when I left they implemented something I was asking for for a long long time I think that also was a wake up call for for many people because of course I was leaving who was going to be on call if I was I wasn't there so that also ring like alarm in in the managing level but yeah I think. One of the reasons also these other team lead that ended up leaving he was when I wasn't there he was the one being there and and the problem that we have is. Okay it's not that easy okay because we needed also to get a better observability and we didn't have enough observability at the beginning but at least what I was asking is to have this compensated in some way for some of the engineers that weren't known this they didn't know when they joined that they will have to do on calls rotations and that was one of the things that I struggled to make understand to the CEO and also the tooling we needed a better tracking system a pager duty at least and not having me like being on my phone or looking at what sap at 3am or having contacts that are very important to wake me up.  
Them: When you say yeah when you say observability what did you guys end up putting in place?  
Me: First we fix most of logs and we implemented data dog APM and we had tracing for a while but data dog was our for me is an amazing tool cost very like it's crazy how much it cost.  
Them: Yeah. We. Yeah yeah look we used data dog religiously so yes it costs a lot of money but it's you know it's.  
Me: It costs a lot it's worked for my understanding is very it's worth it like it it saved us so much. In seeing what was going to happen after we implemented it and also down the road we implemented also. Event driven sofka so we actually the platform didn't work a lot on having this tracing on different services and when people started seeing that and the the level of detail that you could get when. It's properly implemented is really good that's that's very good we could trace the message how we want for one day so the tracing of an entire thing you will see it passing from different services it was really good it was a really good tool to be honest.  
Them: Nice. And so I guess my last question is before you left what did you do to ensure that you know you didn't kind of leave with the big vacant hole? And how did you how did you make sure that you're left with a successor in place?  
Me: When I left there was a new VP of engineering two months old. Write about like one month and a half I understood that I wasn't in my best doing my best for for a while already so I ensure my two months I give them two months notice of course given my close relationship with the CEO I talked with him first especially because the new VP of engineering I barely knew him and yeah so I had this new new. Team lead for the platform was the one that I was worried about and then the VP of engineering decided that my other two teams were under him directly that was his call because he was planning a restructuring making directors he was restructuring the entire organizational structure there so he directly so my two teams they he actually we did basically right away he started managing directly my my other three teams basically growth publishing and business there was a transition of course I show him all my one on ones the performance reviews what we were trying to work with them and and yeah it was also kind of a transition person people transition kind of thing but in that sense those were very strong teams the only what was very worried myself and also the BP and the CEO was the platform team which is they had a new. Team lead like so basically my two months period was basically working with him shouting him me the first month and then he took over and I was with him on every meeting on everything and again I went through twice a week calls going through the system making recordings about the entire system how it works the things that we didn't have enough documentation I wrote myself a lot of documentation before leaving about specific feature that I work at the end which was the moving from sessions authentications sessions to JWT microservice that we did at the end yeah I basically work with him side by side for the two months and follow on the other teams along the way that was basically it I think. I left in a very good matters and they knew that could call me any anytime if they needed luckily they didn't so that means that I did a good job and it was a good departure so yeah.  
Them: Okay. All right cool cool so maybe just to go into some tech stuff the obviously the architecture when you first started working on it was a I guess a monolith. And bimonolith I'm imagining a very simple kind of like you know all in one front end back end with the database you know stuck to it and then obviously you guys are then trying to split it up. But maybe tell me through some of the key. Maybe before you just go into the technical details of this is what we did I'm more interested in here's the vision we had and here was the fundamental architecture we were shooting for. And then you can talk about all the things you did to get there.  
Me: I think I can talk better about I can tell you about the front end as well okay but that wasn't my day to day. Part we first split. It I wasn't very eager to do that but it was very in the beginning we split it in two different repos the front end and the monolith. I don't know so the vision to be honest it wasn't a clear vision there we actually shift we change three times of VPE or head of engineering in this time until I had. The the authority to put my vision it took time to be honest for me to to set a direction where I wanted to and that was the period.  
Them: Okay so what was what was so we finally got your hands on the steering wheel what were the what was the vision that you had?  
Me: So the vision that we had was very. Pragmatical kind of vision which is we need to start separating this in an ordered manner because we know that we are having communication issues so we want to do is first we start to work on every new thing that we can we do it in a microservice and for that we prepared. I don't know what technology tech stack you have but we had no js. And has expressed more monolith so we set it up next.js microservices so we did our.  
Them: We as next trajectory.  
Me: So nest.js is the framework that we use for for our microservices we did like a template for that we coach it and explain it to people how to do it so we started there right because we didn't want to go through a big rewrite we didn't have the time to do that we were in a very fast paced environment so of course we started. As usual with a monolid you started we started having problems on instability issues and database problems and those kind of things so all this we started to put this microservices of course in their own database with our encapsulated behind the gateway those were the things that we were doing so new creatures were living this kind of things and then try to make a way that we communicate still internally with the monolith the other thing that we did and it was for a different reason to be honest it was we had we're having like. Stability latency and especially we had like a very big problem with the money they're having and OOMs so out of memory issues. So what we did there in order to to try to. Reduce the blast radius you could say we separate it in different kubernetes node pools the the different parts of the model so we replicated these services with the same repo but we use the API gateway to send different parts of the request so then when we had these OOMs we will know what was the domain having the issue rather than having it was very good so that's where we started we started dividing it in the same monolith same code base but in different services so we could. When we had a problem we couldn't like everything will break we will have different and then we started replacing the critical parts the most critical part on riverside was the recording okay that's the part that you cannot come back from it okay it's a live thing you have an interview with Bill Gates you cannot recover if something happened there so that was the critical part so that's where we basically redesigned the recording infrastructure and separated in a new microservice. It was again a transition we did it with the same transition where implemented events because it was a very async kind of way so we actually started consuming different events so some will go to the monolith zone to the new service to test it and see how it goes and and then. We slowly routing all the traffic to the microservices and that's how we we tested the thing so.  
Them: How do you implement that kind of canary release or that you know that.  
Me: At the very end of it at the very end we did that we started on doing it yes we had.  
Them: You end up buying a platform or did you build it yourselves?  
Me: Again sorry.  
Them: Did you did you end up buying a platform to do the canary releases or did you build it yourselves?  
Me: We were using oh my gosh that was devops kind of magic argo yeah we're using argo.  
Them: You have kubernetes so the platform already had kubernetes okay.  
Me: Yeah. Yeah the last one was we only like I enter after a year everything was in heroku back then and then we moved to AWS and then we moved everything to kubernetes yes.  
Them: That's interesting because we were on Heroku eight years ago and then what we did was we didn't go to kubernetes but we used the elastic. We use the ecs the elastic container services and we actually we basically yeah we kept it basic and so we haven't it's only now. When now that we've got now that there's like an elastic kubernetes managed service did we actually think to start using kubernetes? Because it means that we weren't spending so much money on the resources understanding and managing the kubernetes layer.  
Me: How it was for us it was different like so as usual on the riverside we run to move to. We we have one of the guys did the ac2 load balancer everything in AWS and we moved to AWS then and then we have devops team that transition everything to kubernetes to be honest we transitioned first to normal elastic load balancers and all that and we did it at last minute just because we had to renew with heroku and they were trying to charge us like too much basically and so we had to run on it.  
Them: Cool all right and you were across a team that dealt with payments what were the metrics that were most important for payment flows?  
Me: So we handled yeah we used stripe to be honest it's not like we did much that implementation with stripe what do you mean with the metrics?  
Them: Okay. Okay so basically your whole you basically you essentially just go over to stripe and integrated with stripe and that was essentially.  
Me: Yeah what's in a very complicated infrastructure there like it was yeah yeah.  
Them: Okay.  
Me: It's very simple. In that matter.  
Them: All right cool so. How much of the work at riverside. Before you left in I know 2025 august is I guess a while ago now but with regards to AI so how much of how much of your kind of workflows and how much would you say that the team had adopted AI practices in your time? There?  
Me: Basically I was during the whole transition but I think I missed the last part where everything really changed when I left all my teams were already using or we started using copilot. Just because and then we all moved to cursor so we still had. When I left we were like doing pushing code that was generated by AI but before that we implemented also called rabbit for poor code reviews so that's when I left basically everyone was using already cursor but it wasn't like today I believe that was a there is a big difference it's crazy how things are changing in this in this like I never saw something like this but but yeah things have changed dramatically I believe and how much you can automate also in your day to day like I'm talking with my colleagues and things that I of course I have been doing my own things in my sabbatical I have been having a lot of fun but it's not the same of working in a really big code base and production that me just doing a product that no one cares if it's down right so this is a very different way of working but what I see also that changes a lot how much you can automate from your for example we have this internal SLAs where we need to respond to tickets in a certain time and that all that is being really automated today with cloud reading with the mcp on jira and making the analysis a PR open already to fix it and then you review it and reply to the support agent and of course how you write code now is very kind of different of how you write it like a year ago but yeah I think I think I have been on top of everything but in my own experience doing my own my own projects basically so yeah I think I reckon that that's something that have changed but I have been using I don't know if you're familiar to but I'm using open code myself to do it and that's how I create my workflows and how I plan them for it and try to still be a strict on on the basics okay for me the basics still apply you need to have encapsulated code you have to do small PRs because this code needs to be reviewed needs to be very well driven and and yeah one thing I have been suing I don't know if you know source graph I would totally do you guys use something like that?  
Them: What source.  
Me: Basically using use it to be just like. Searching your code base but now they're building they you can add your repos and so you give tools and mcps or skills to your agents so they. Can see the entire so all your repos connected and get information and and have a better context or where is using that or how it's being implemented in other places and things like that everything is a really cool tool when you have a very big code base right because it's.  
Them: Yeah yeah we in I mean a lot of those things you're talking about like the code reviewer that we call it the code base indexer but we kind of built those things in houses like almost like as.  
Me: Nice.  
Them: Experiments to see like to build our own tooling rather than we kind of see something cool and rather than pay for it we just try and build it with AI. So it was like our internal way of you know you know doing things.  
Me: And this is not my specific team that does this debris.  
Them: No the way we did it was myself and the head of devops started it so he started automating the infrastructure kind of tooling in mcp and I did the engineering and then but now we've got it to a point where the engineers and the developers they're the ones maintaining that kind of you know tooling for. So you you were kind of yeah so you've got like this entrepreneurial streak which is great so how do you think that that found a mentality shows up in the way that you apply your engineering?  
Me: Well as I said like I first and foremost I think on the product I always also look for that in in the people I work with I like to have engineers that think that this is a product that we're building for someone and we need to to be the other thing I think this entrepreneurial kind of thing that gave me my kind of my DNA as an engineer is also thinking in the business side of things right this is going to cost us a lot this is worth doing it and and looking at those parts that are not always a given I believe in engineering and I do believe that I have a weird resume I will look my own resume with what is going on here but I do believe that these different experiences gave me this approach of being very pragmatic and very very. Product and business oriented.  
Them: Nice. And so if you started on Monday and what would be the first thing that you do with scalar pays payment systems?  
Me: Understand it first and foremost I think the first thing to know also is what I understand here is that this is a very managerial kind of people kind of position with of course a lot of technical depth and having.  
Them: Yeah it's people focused correct but at the same time. I personally like everyone to keep hands on I keep hands on and so the things that I'd be expecting from you would be to. Be working with the leads to craft, you know, good solution designs pitching your own roadmap for the technical evolution of the engineer the payments platform. As well as like taking ownership of that delivery, you know what I mean like we would talk about here's what here's what the roadmap for the payments platform is going to look like great and then it would be. Well let's because here at scalar pay it's not all just business work I'm really we do have the ability. To. I guess do technical work where like if it's pure tech debt we're required but there's also the ability for us within the feature work to to iterate the platform into the direction we want it to grow into so that'd be the things that we'll be looking to you to to kind of. Own.  
Me: Yeah so so. I'm glad that you mentioned that because I. Need to be a bit hands on like otherwise I think it's impossible for. Look it's an opinion okay I know I'm not speaking the truth but for me it's a bit hard to be leading someone that you when you don't experience yourself the problems that the platform have or the organization has or the processes have so for me being hands-on is part of the job as well of course when being a manager is difficult to balance those kind of things but being on architectural reviews on design reviews that's something I love and I never stopped doing and I hope never doing it especially in this to be honest. I never worked in a fintech so I have a way a lot to learn here and I expect that also right so I think whenever you enter as a manager from external you need to first listen and learn at least the first time I think is the most important and not just blindly pushing my vision to something that I don't know because there are no recipes for success depends on the situations and the things and the people and the people knowing being in the front lines are the ones that know better how this is going. So I think the first thing I would do is learn about your processes, learn about the technology and hear and listen a lot. I think that the first part is honestly what I would do at the beginning and try to put my hands a bit here and there to start like knowing the code base and knowing where we're dealing with. Must be crazy the amount of traffic peaks that you have. I don't know how is for you a black friday or things like that.  
Them: Yeah no it's crazy there is look so we do. About I don't know we'll do at least. There'd be like 10 million events on the payment platform a day something like that. It's like there's a lot happening. Events being both collection of installments and reattempts as well as stuff coming through the front door. You know all right Sebastian so we've kind of reached the tail end do you have any questions for me that I can help answer for you?  
Me: No I think I got a grasp of how the structure is which is something I wanted to understand. Maybe you can let me know how you see me when I enter. Call it a success what I should be doing well for you to say okay this was a good hire because that will also let me know what are your current challenges as well I believe.  
Them: Yeah sure.  
Me: Other than filling a gap that has been right now.  
Them: Well that'd be the first one and like I said like the team felt the loss and to have you come in the first thing I'd probably ask is for you to work closely with the team and kind of do I would like in in other areas I probably wouldn't encourage that listening to her but in this instance I would. Just to kind of feel that team out I think that but then beyond that it's like it'd be like onto the roadmap so we do have a lot of stakeholders that want a lot from the payments team so it becomes you know well how do we then take filter all of that. Desire and put it into a clean roadmap that we go okay well here's how we're going to do it and here's how we're going to craft the work. We also plan in quarterly cycles and we also take a lot of time planning. So we typically plan for we do two six like within a quarter we plan the quarter. But then within the quarter we do two six week sprint cycles or iterations. It's almost like. It's a base camp model that we use where we deliver end to end in six weeks. We don't just do two week iterations but back on multiple of those to get to production it's like no we do we go from zero to production in six weeks with whatever we do so so we basically cut scope to the point where we can get something out the door. And yeah and so so there is a lot of planning but I would what I'd be looking for is that we've got that roadmap in place. Then there's where payments is heading is more about the future state than make fixing the current state. So we have a lot of. So as we spread across europe we want to be integrating with a lot more local payment providers. So part of the task that you'd be doing is be kind of vetting those providers and making sure that you know the ones that we're thinking of integrating with are actually capable and worth our while in our time because it's sometimes the case that. Like they'll sell you the cheapest price but it's almost impossible to integrate with them. You know. And just having that strong view and then the other thing is we're within each localisation, we want to be offering alternative payment methods. We've got bizum in Spain there's I think bunk contact in Belgium and so every kind of place has its own thing. So it'd be like, okay, well how are we going to then what's the technical path for us to create these integrations and bring them in as we go around Europe. And so and so they'd be the kind of immediate challenges. Beyond that scalar pay is looking to become a bank and start providing banking services. So there will definitely be an element of kind of being across that particular project as it evolves. So yeah so in short it is always going to be the first thing would be to kind of make sure the current team is okay. There is a question where, you know, I don't want to be like whilst the team may be a little bit fragile at the moment. I don't I also don't wish to be beholden to them and or you know if it is the case that they are looking to move on, then I probably want. And so then then it becomes a matter of, all right well then what skills do they have that we need to create resilience for and so to craft that plan and then and then we kind of go from there.  
Me: Amazing okay thank you I was very detailed honest answer yeah.  
Them: All right Sebastian well thank you very much. So if you can let me know how you thought this went and I'll let him know.  
Me: Thank you.  
Them: If all's good. Then there'll be like a case study where you'll be presenting to the other engineering managers. And then beyond that it goes to our CEO Simone and then they need to an office stage. So thanks again for your time and I look forward to talking to you soon.  
Me: Same have a good one bye bye.  
Them: Bye bye.
