Meeting Title: Interview with Scalapay
Date: Jun 29
Meeting participants: Greco Sebastian

Transcript:
 Johnny Mitrevski: Hello.  
Me: Hello. How are you?  Johnny Mitrevski: I'm doing good. Thank you. We might just wait one minute for the other two guys. To join. If that's okay.  
Me: Yeah, for sure.  Johnny Mitrevski: And then. We can go from. There. You staying cool in the weather?  
Me: Yes. Luckily I have a lot of AC. Yeah. Yeah. That is crazy.  Johnny Mitrevski: Yeah, I'm actually. I'm actually heading over to europe. To the uk next week. So, yeah. I can't believe I'm going to be in london. With. 30.  
Me: Where are you? Now?  Johnny Mitrevski: 7. Degree weather. I'm in Sydney.  
Me: Oh, my gosh. Is it really early there?  Yellow Room: Hello.  
Me: Hello.  Yellow Room: Nice to meet you.  
Me: So major.  Johnny Mitrevski: All right. Fantastic. So. So this is, I guess, Sebastian. Welcome. This is. And to introduce the session to the guys. This is for the engineering manager with the payments team. Maybe we can do a quick round of introductions. Just to, you know, introduce ourselves. Sebastian, do you want to go first and then we'll have the guys in the room introd. Uce themselves?  
Me: Yeah, for sure. So. Well, I'm Sebastian. I'm argentinian, actually. I have been living here in Italy for the past 10 years now. So I'm. I have been working as in engineering for almost all my life. So 20 years, almost 20 years now. And, yeah, I have been doing my own startups from doing everything myself to my latest experience, professional experience that was. Just starting as a. As a full stack and being a group lead in Riverside, scale up and is really scale up managing up to 30 people and a group of four different teams. So, yeah, I have a bit of a background on, but I'm more backend oriented and. Yeah, that was a poorly poor introduction of myself. But, yeah, you. You got the idea.  Johnny Mitrevski: In the room? Do you want to introduce yourselves.  Yellow Room: Yeah. I'm Marco Sebastian. I'm senior engineer manager here in scape. I join a few months ago. Before of that. I worked a long time in sub. It. O. The classify ads website. My background is from backend developer. And now I'm managing people from, I think, more than five years most. Ly. And that's it. My name is brother engineering manager too in, in. The company for one year now. And before that, I work for enterprise big Enterprise companies, small stop. S. My background. Is variety since I have focused in a single industry for all my career, which is now almost reaching 10, 30 years. And I'm not Italian, I'm Cuban. So we can talk in Spanish sometime. And, and, yeah, I, I've been working in Italy for the last 25 years.  Johnny Mitrevski: All right. Fantastic. So Sebastian, there was a, this is a case study. So you were kind of asked to present a case study in three parts. So there was the, the technical, the organizational, like the organizational and technical, and then a code section. Let me just ask the guys in the room. Do you have, do you guys in the room have access to the, the case study? Or if not, I'll share it whilst Sebastian is presenting. No worries. I'll do that. So Sebastian, I'll ask you just to present and start your presentation. And then within, like, prior to moving on to the next section, we'll just take a pause. At that point to kind of get some back and forth feedback. And then ultimately we'll, we'll try and get through it as best as we can. So if you can do maybe, say, 15 minutes per section. Allowing for that will allow us enough time to ask some, our own questions. In the interim. But I'll leave it with you to present. Thank you.  
Me: When you mean that when you say section, you mean part one technical people and then the code. So with a 15, 15, 15.  Johnny Mitrevski: Correct. That's what I was thinking. Yeah.  
Me: Okay, good. Yeah, sure. I'll try.  Johnny Mitrevski: Thanks. Man. Okay, we'll do the best we can. Thanks.  
Me: Okay, let me. Share my screen. Okay, so I did a presentation, and then I actually regret it. But here we are. You guys can see my screen now.  Yellow Room: Yes.  
Me: Let's. See. Okay. There we go. Okay. Just a cover. Okay. Stabilize standardize on the scale. So going through this, like, trying to say what. What was described in the case study. Okay, so this is pretty much the situation.  
Them: No.  
Me: I saw and the key points of the situation, which is the company is in. In a situation where it has around 8 million requests per day customer facing. Peak times are 600 requests per second. On the checkout specific. They check out page and the traffic is expected to double in between a year. So that. That's. The. The scale and the growth idea from. From the company in this case study. Then there is a lot of operational pressure. So check out p99 is 3. 2 seconds at peak. I think it was p95 800 milliseconds or something like that. Six p1, p2 incident in last quarter and a background errors and failures. Around 4.5% of the times. There is a lot of manual intervention from. From the teams 34, 340 per week, which is kind of a lot. And there is slow on, like, in deployments and movement. We can go on, onto the details, but is basically two or three times a week. And this is kind of a bottleneck right now. So the signal size I gather from this are basically there is very clear inconsistent patterns in engineering across the platform, different ways to the second item you see is around retries, timeouts, caching and different strategies in general. Source of truth, I think it's mentioned also as a pain point that teams cannot decide. There is a lot of stress and strain on the, on the teams. There is a lot of operational work consuming the engineering capacity, which is slowing down the product. And that sounds to me that the teams are acting reactively rather than proactively, meaning they react to the problems they have and they move trying to patch or fix the problem itself. And then there is also mention that there is confidence in the change and deployment is, is going down. People are afraid to touch critical parts of the, of the, of the code. One of the things I, I, I had to do in order to do this is make a lot of assumptions. Okay. Because there is no. Let's say architecture of the current state. So I try to imagine how the system looks in order to try to say, okay, what, what we can do to start fixing this. So this is what I think is happening. Reading from the symptoms. Okay. There is a lot of symptoms in the, in the use case, like latency contention. There is a lot of symptoms rather than telling what is going on. So I, I made these assumptions and everything I did is from these assumptions, we can feel free to discuss it. Battle it, whatever. But this is where I based everything I did from now on. So customer facing flows and background processing are sharing resources, especially the data layer, they share the data there in non-critical and other unrelated user. Paths are touching the same database. So this is what I imagine. Okay, so we have a core backend and we have customer facing APIs and they're touching the database directly and they check out flow is doing the same. And at the same time, the background jobs that are running there, I throw some things there, like reconciliation installments collection, things like that is all theoretical. Nothing on that is strictly set in the use case, but that's my assumption. The checkouts relies on a lot of synchronous internal and third party dependencies and all the background process. Go through kind of, I imagine is a message to like something like SQS, very simple. And there is a lot of problems with the potency duplicate events, order of events and things like that. So, yeah, this is what I imagine. Is, is the situation. And then from here, I try to understand all these symptoms and understand what is going on. Okay, so this is my line of thought. Feel free to again battle it, discuss it. We can go through it. Whenever you want. So is first their shared resources, okay, on big times, background jobs and all users flows are touching the same database. This is creating, of course, contention. So different services like battling for the time to, to have this database available for them and replying. There might be a bunch of reasons why this is creating problems. Could be queries, put the accession of, of pull, pull connections could be IO on the database, could be many things. But the thing is everyone is. Going for the same resource. It's getting slower and every cascading and slower and slower. And that gives us to the second, to the third point here, which is basically timeouts and retries are not consistent in the application. So something might time out when steel is processing because, I don't know, the load balancer is doing one timeout. The processing is under and this creates retries, which also gets the problem even worse because you're attacking, okay, retrain too much without, I don't know, exponential back off or whatever it is that you need to implement. It's not correctly done. So this is getting even worse, the contention latency. And of course these stars causing the correctness problem that we have. So database being hit twice, idempotency is clearly in the, in the case study that is not well implemented. So if you have a retry when something is still running, you will have double events out of order and a lot of problems that comes from that. And I wanted to go here from the technical to more the people kind of operational part. So this, of course. This correctness in the database and things creates small incident tickets and manual changes and, and people having to go and debug and, and do a lot of fixing. And there is no audit log also. And outdates are very low in the system. It says also in the case study. So there is a lot of operational burden for the, for the team. And of course that translates to reduce delivery capacity and, and everything. And, yeah, so team confidence declines and more. I'm going to speed up. Feel free to ask questions, whatever. So I'm going to propose a solution for this, but these are the principles that I'm going to, to, to try to keep on under all these changes I want to make. Which is we need to protect the critical Journeys. So the checkout needs to be and the payments need to be as much as possible encapsulate and separate from the rest. Prioritize the data correctness is fundamental. I don't have a much experience in payments fintech. Okay. But money is very important. So data correctness and how we manage the state changes of things is very important. I the potency order events. All that needs to be very prioritized, very high. And then also create engineering, good engineering pace. Okay. We need to try to reduce these operational strength on, on the teams to, for them to move on. Of course, we, it's very clear also in the case study that we want to keep pushing new features and taking the product to the next level. So we need to continue delivering this value. Okay. We cannot stop to do a full read write. It's very well written in the case study and in most of the cases of real life. That's how it works. And. Yeah. And also, I think other thing that we need to do is give ownership to people. It talks about also strain on a senior staff engineer that is the bottleneck right now on the decision making and things like that. So it's very important to have isolated and clear ownership across different teams and different people and things like that. So this is basically what I thought that could be. Unstop the bleeding kind of situation. Okay. I don't believe by any means that this is the final solution or the perfect solution. I do believe that six months is the time I was kind of given by this assignment is something doable in this. We can also discuss and challenge this, of course, but a go through, through the items here. So we need to try to reduce the contention safely on the database. So try to keep the critical rights on the main database and the non-critical move it to replicas. Read replicas. Something that it doesn't really strain or database when we have peak hours, especially in critical paths. I was thinking that we can also introduce a payment lifecycle boundary. So some kind of orchestrator again, we're not separating this into a new service. We're keeping the current service. We're trying to make it more modular and start to separate things in the code before in a longer plan to separate it to a service. But I think what is happening here is that we need something that orchestrates all these steps. Okay, now we need to call this integration. I don't know if there is a risk integration or a payment gateway that we need to call. It's going through all the orchestration and also we need to add some kind of. So this is what I was saying. It starts as a module, not a rewrite. Okay. And route all the background layer that are related to payments to this, to this new layer that we are adding. Okay. So the orchestration needs to handle this. And of course, make the state change item content and auditable. So what we want to do is create a way. Yes. For sure.  Yellow Room: There's no sorry to interrupt. I wanted to make sure I had understood what you were saying. What do you mean with start as a model rewrite? I did. I didn't get the, that, that point.  
Me: Yes, exactly. There is not a rewrite. We want to take what it is right now in the core and try to encapsulate it correctly and have a layer that orchestrates all the movements because my idea is to asynchronous layer. Okay. An event layer. Let's say I use Kafka because it is the one that I'm more familiar with. Okay. But saying every movement of payments, we need to have some kind of strict state machine for the changes on, I don't know, let's say checkout. So the state needs to be a very strict state machine and only one place should be responsible for these changes. So even if you have installments or retries of payments or reconciliation, this should call to this orchestration layer. And this would be the only one that will change states on the payment life cycle. Okay. We need to create a very good thing. And that will also create like a very event driven architecture where all the events are per se, the audit logs. Okay. If we call someone, if we create, as you can see, the orchestration layer produces messages to the Kafka. And then, of course, some, some of these will consume it. Some will call this orchestration layer to, to say, okay, I want to change this payment to failed. For example. But this needs to pass through here and the payment state and rules will be the one touching and writing the database for them and will not let the background jobs directly move the, touch the database. Okay. And the other thing, this needs to be created is. So as I said, this event layer will create, we can do different things to have an audit log. But having the idea to meet event every, every action we take, even if we're processing it for doing something business logic or only audit only, that's fine. We're going to create it and then we can use some kind of Kafka sink to a database so we can have an audit log for the tooling to look at the logs and see what happened on every single transaction and checkout and everything. And the other thing that is, is important. This is the payment layer. We're going to go to the database, but I hope that's clear enough. I don't have any questions. Should I move forward?  Yellow Room: Yeah. Thanks.  
Me: Okay, so database contention reduction plan. Okay. First is measure. We need to understand what is going on. If there are queries that are getting us into troubles, getting this connection, long queries, if there are indexes that we need to understand, if you have right pressure connection pull saturation, we need to very understand very well what is going on, what is getting this database to have this kind of latency. And yeah, try to separate the symptoms from the peak traffic from the background jobs. Okay. So first measure, then reduce the hot pot. We need to optimize, of course, the written rights, understand what we're doing, review all the queries there, add the missing indexes. And of course cash if we, and only in the, in the places that really matter and are the ownership can be very isolated. Of course also review all the background jobs, make sure that we have, we are not hitting ourselves with background jobs that are running at the peak hours, do some back pressure and retry limits and move the, the heavy reconciliation reporting kind of things that are happening. The reads. Okay. Away from the primary DB use, for example read replica could be a good option there. And of course separate the critical versus the non-critical reads. It's very clear in the, in the, in the case study says when the problems, when we have peak and the issues start happening, even unrelated user. Other user front facing. Requests are getting slow. So that talks to me that everything is hitting the same database and that's stringing the database even if the peaks is just a particular part of the system, others are suffering from it as well. So I'm going to go this how we are, how we're going to set the things that we need to take care of is of course allocate capacity for the teams to work on this. This is a very important kind of thing. I put here roughly what every team should be working on. So the core team and the big contention integrations webhook idempotency then data reconciliation flows and ordering integration should also apply proper secret worker breakers in cases that it needs and the ops tooling team should work on this new audit trail to give better tools for people to fix issues and things. We need to set owners and standards. This is important to not have this bottleneck on the team, create reusable patterns, define rules and retries and dependency and caching, assign tech leads, owners, champions call it whatever you want on each team that will represent the team on this reliability project that is going to go through and then move a bit the resources we have in the team as the use cases is saying there is a staff engineer that is the bottleneck because it's making all the decisions. So the new engineering manager should be the cross team architecture, the one that organized the architectural decisions. We can move this stuff engineer that already has the business knowledge and the business system to the core platform team because it's going to be the most critical one to fix first. And then immediately start hiring the team, the use case also talks about hiring two, I think four different engineers, new engineers, one staff engineer and then senior engineers. And then of course while this is happening, we're going to have a weekly meeting with these team leads or champions to review all the metrics, what is going on. Steer change prioritize different fixes over others. And of course this is just a plan. Plants tends to change in reality can bring some new reality. So we need something to be all aligned and very focused on what are the objectives of the project. So also the assignment talks about what happens in a year when the thing got twice the traffic. It's kind of hard to predict something like this without knowing how the first band went or where we are. But I guess it will be needed to separate the payments gateway into their own services and do the same with the database. I think that's a bigger kind of thing. You can only do when you have the system stable. You cannot do a big migration of the database while you are still having correctness and problems. And of course you need to account for load testing. Be sure that your event layer and architecture can handle that kind of traffic. Why introducing new services is always good to have some kind of parallel testing in the sense that you send the same request for the current service and the new one you are implementing and then you compare the data in the new database with the old one and you can see if it's going well if you have errors differences etc. And then of course implementing some kind of canary deployments or something like that to make them more smooth and safe to deploy a new service. And again like iterative things. And I think from here going to the part two I believe so maybe we can start.  Johnny Mitrevski: Hey, maybe we can, yeah, let's stop on that. So that way we can kind of deep dive into some of the technical stuff. Okay, so I'm curious, like there was, if you go back to the execution model. On page, just probably a few slides back. And I'm kind of curious with regards to, you know, you've got this thing about setting owners and the standards. And really just in any of these, but we'll pick that one as an example. What's an example that you've kind of. Done this or a version of this? Give us an example of practical example of where you. Ve actually done this in the company that you've been a part of and actually been. I guess, responsible for setting it up.  
Me: Yeah so so we we did this basically in Riverside. I talk a bit more about this in here. So what we did back then is we actually did champions strategy. So we had stability problems and every and every team was very front end oriented in the team. So what we tried to do there is first we created a proper platform team that will start analyzing the problems measuring and doing all these kind of things that I already said. The first thing was understanding what was going on. Then was trying to isolate the blasting and then once we understood that we started to see patterns in the code, in the problems so we understood that the program wasn't merely an architectural problem also was a knowledge problem across the teams. So what we did is basically we started the backend guilds, we call it back then and we went to each of the teams that are also away from my group. Okay, so we did this on the entire engineering and we pick one champion for each one which was going to be the person responsible for looking at the code, the gatekeeping on some more critical parts of the code for example a specific schemas or models when you modify the database. We had a monolith database that was also under stress back then. Maybe all my thing is very biased because of my experience with the database now that I mention it. But I had this experience myself. So yeah that's what we did. We choose the persons from we talk with the team leads of each team. We choose a champion from their team. Usually it was the tech lead. Some teams didn't have a tech lead so we still got the more backend oriented of them and we started doing these skills where we show the issues that we saw how we solve it and how they should do it on their teams on their own and slowly we started. Giving out responsibility. So the platform team was very loaded on this and being the gatekeeper and also was a bottleneck because the team couldn't review all the code changes at the time. So once we established how they should use indexes, how we should do these kind of things. We especially. Talk with them in this engineering. The other thing we did is we already had technical design reviews. But on certain. We always we put a process that in the technical review template there's going to be changes in the database or things like that. We ask the teams to put someone from the platform team in those design reviews so someone could be there. The same we did for other reasons for security for other things. But also that was slowly moved to the champions on each team and they should be the sign off on different architectural. Of course they could come to us for questions for whatever we had the guilds for where they could present this kind of issues or talk with us and things like that. So that's how we handle those kind of things. And we did some documentation. We created also some libraries for people to have to deal with how to manage properly the Kafka ideas or the observability or all these kind of things. We created tools for the teams basically. So it was a mix of processes and tools I would say.  Johnny Mitrevski: Okay, great. Er or microgen, have any questions before moving to the people.  Yellow Room: Stream? Yeah, well, yeah, in this institution model, what would be a great idea you would use for signing or. Resume.  
Me: Again so that I didn't I didn't get that. Because you could replace this.  Yellow Room: Yeah, you said set owners and standards.  
Me: Yeah.  Yellow Room: Which criteria would you use to assign owners? For each clinical area? What was the strategy. There?  
Me: To choose the owners you mean.  Yellow Room: Yeah, yeah.  
Me: So so basically in our case you're telling on you want me to talk about this hypothetical case of the case study. Sorry.  Yellow Room: As you wish, I mean.  
Me: Okay so.  Yellow Room: Just want to understand. Your approach to signing.  
Me: In riverside.  Yellow Room: Owners.  
Me: Yeah so in riverside or our issue was people didn't know how to properly write queries and create indexes and how to work properly with backend in general. All the teams were very front end oriented and very few had enough experience in the backend. So what we did is we work with the team leads to identify which ones were the strongest in the backend okay and started including them including them in our engineering backend guilds where we show all the strategies that we use. We also we use mongo atlas so we actually do that as well. We had support with them so they provide us five lessons to the whole company as well to give how indexes work internally in Mongo how they do these kind of things. So we did this different chunks of knowledge sharing and from there we also about look at which ones were more interested, which ones make questions and we identify the people that were more interested in the back end some teams already had tech leads that were very strong in there but they weren't given. The job to be the gatekeepers on there. So we put also co-owners in the repo. So force them to review certain parts of the code and the criteria. So the criteria was basically people with enough good base of knowledge on back end and then we try to. Get them to the next level. Basically.  Yellow Room: So I think from what you're saying, I'm getting that ownership means. The co-reviewer, the keyword.  
Me: Oh no. No Assigning owners yeah sorry so ownership.  Yellow Room: Not, not like. That.  
Me: Is here also because in the assignment it talk it talks about something that was happening which people didn't understand very well where where the boundary limits so ownership is to define exactly which each team what are their parts and who is going to represent them in a discussion where the technology so I'm calling here owners but I'm trying to say. Champions or tech leads or someone that represents that team in a particular area domain of the code basically.  Yellow Room: One quick question. Of the point is to reduce the dependency on the staff engineer. With the goal to increase. Let's say, usability to. The wall engineer department. Right? So how many time. Or how you. Really want to achieve that?  
Me: So the plan here is. So I took a different approach here the idea is that this stuff engineer already in this schema the idea is I'm arriving as an engineer manager here and I see this situation right and I see very capable staff engineer that right now is kind of a bottleneck because all the architectural decisions goes through him. Okay that was the situation. So my idea is I come in and I bring my own architectural decision of course but in order to break this bottleneck we need to make this person to be very focused on a certain part of the system. Given the fact that he is already here for a long time is a good performer and knows the architecture the decision is okay we move him as a tech lead into the core platform team. Because the most the heaviest work to do in this reliability project is going to be there so we need the person to do that. With engineering guilds where all the team leads discuss architectural decisions and me as an engineer, manager are making these decisions and hearing all the different champions making the end call decision so I unload a bit this responsibility of all architectural passing through him and we use him to bring the value that we need to give stability to the platform because I'm coming here with. Architectural knowledge but not the specific business knowledge and the architecture of this scalape. So my idea is to go and take some responsibilities from him to making the bigger architectural decisions or be the one that discussing them etc and have this staff engineer to focus on the big problem which is their reliability issue that we have.  Yellow Room: Okay.  Johnny Mitrevski: Okay, great. Let's move on to the next section.  
Me: Okay. So people and ownership again this is the plan of how we're going the idea was to hire three engineers senior engineers and one staff engineer okay that was the budget I was given. Of course hiring is not immediate. So the idea is okay I'm entering so I'm already an asset and that's what I'm saying. Trying to help on the architectural decisions and help on on the bigger issues. Move the staff engineer to the core platform team. And of course start hiring as soon as possible the second staff engineer for the data and reconciliation services which are very big part of and very important critical part of. The platform. The other thing is try to. The first thing I would like to do is define the capacity. Okay of course there is a lot. Of work to do but also we need to move forward with the product okay, so we need to strictly of course this is a proposal. And of course this goes talk with product with business with the managers etc. But same for example sending the percent of the allocation of the time goes to keeping the features and the product 20% goes to the reliability project that we're going to do the contention creating the new layer etc etc and then attempt of the capacity for the tech debt. And we agree to that. And we during quarterly planning we plan with all the teams to allocate this kind of time for different things and they need to specify what it does. What are the planning is of course. In my experience always failed is not but at least you plan for it you understand what it is. Then you need to also align the dependencies this is was crucial for us when we were growing dependency alignment at the at the level at the quarter level the planning is super important of course things are going to pop up during the quarter and things are going to change but when you have different teams building different products you already know what you are going to need and from whom and this needs to be put into consideration in every quarter planning and understand the priorities at a company level if. The integrations teams has a very important product thing to do it goes first and then if something is near from the core platform team in order to make this happen then everyone should adapt to this because it is true that the core platform service. Is not building that thing but it might be a dependency for the integrations team and integration steaming might have a business value and I say we're moving to France and we need to implement these new payment gateway. This is super important for the business goes on the first one so everyone should align on this company level decisions and business strategy in my opinion. And then it talks about on calling of course the core platform team is tier one on call we need to do a rotational on the teams to help them prepare for any checkout payments issues and critical issues. Then I would say that tier two would be the integration and they should respond in business hours we can always set up SLAs to understand how much is the time set the priorities and serve very quickly what are the different issues and what tiers of issues are and what SLA supplies to different issues and yeah of course data and operations and reconciliations they have more room because these are asking processes that run so they also needs to be. Also on business hours on call let's say and respond to different issues that will happen. Then talking about the culture creating this engineering guilds in my experience gives also a sense of ownership to people. They are included in the decisions they are shown what province were fine and how to fix them there. We open the table to people to bring new proposals things to improve the experience of development as well. So this creates. More align through the teams culture in my experience. It really changed for us how we deal with crisis before and after having the guilds. And of course we need to also create a place where we give tools to engineers to work better. Okay, so automated tools, CICD pipelines, clear boundaries what is what is your responsibility what is not exactly yours and who to call when something is on that place. And then another part of the assignment is how I would approach in general the performance reviews the people management what I have been doing in the last five years is basically in the last three years or so we implemented something that was called more than ideal was an utopian developer. Utopian teammate we call it. So we define for every team what would be an utopian the perfect teammate that is the five things that it needs to have to be the perfect. Ideal developer. Of course no one should be good as that. That's an utopia. It's meant to not be met but it gives you the ground basis of what you think is important for the team. So when you are going through someone on the review on the one on ones you map oh sorry you map what they are very good at and what are not so good at and you work with that person in order to improve in that. Let's say you want the team to be very good at communication with the stakeholders because it's a very business kind of feature kind of product. But at the same time you have another very technical guidelines and be very picky about code reviews. And you might have some ones that are very good at communication but very bad at the other and the same on the opposite. So with this a utopian gives you a frame that you agree with the team by the way what would be the best thing and then you work with them individually mapping their different capacities and what you're seeing. And then of course one-on-ones with the teams that I was doing it once every two weeks with my five direct reports in the last year and a half. And there is a mix of what the company needs versus what. The person wants to grow into. If they want to reinforce something if the company can bring that possibilities, we make everything possible for them to grow in that area. And also be transparent. Sometimes people come saying oh I want to be a manager and we can say look there is no media idea that this will happen and we cannot give you this or that but we can prepare you. We can shadow on this and that if you want to still be prepared when if the company goes to that thing. So transparency both sides I think is a good for the culture thing. And then I put a roadmap here. This is more on the technical side maybe I don't know if we want to discuss it or we want to talk of the people first maybe that would make more sense.  Johnny Mitrevski: Okay, so. I guess my better junior does have any questions on the people side. Things.  Yellow Room: No, not really. I like. Just one question. You don't need to stand yourself a lot on this. It's just. A detail. I heard before that you were. Gonna. Do the gigs with the tech leads. Did I get that right? Or with every engineer?  
Me: So the idea is you're right you catch it because I changed my mind in the middle and I wasn't reviewing it this morning. So we had two things in Riverside that we implemented was one was a cross engineering where we show something we did and everything has like a cross and that was also very nice for for the whole engineering unit. And then we have what we did for the performance. What I said before with the tech leads and the weeklies and having this engineering was for we have a reliability project in these six months to get this thing stabilized right. Stop the bleed. Ing. Yeah. So the tech leads are going there. Okay the tech leads are going there and the discussions on how to approach and where to steer these decisions and changes go there. And then we can have engineering guilds also that includes more people that are willing to go there. Of course.  Yellow Room: Sorry.  Johnny Mitrevski: Okay, great. So if there's nothing on that, how's about you crack open the code that you written and maybe just talk us through, spend the last kind of 10 minutes talking us through the way that you approach the coding assignment. And what is it that, you know, some of the key kind of architectural choices that you made and maybe just talk us through the actual code itself as best as you can in the next 10. Minutes.  
Me: Yeah sorry about the timing. Okay I'm sharing the whole screen now just do you see my screen? Okay. So basically the code. Assignment was the product lookup. Maybe we can go through the readme okay. So I choose to use fastify with type box I think the idea was very clear on the on the assignment that we needed a well layered infrastructure with good. Validations schemas the usual good practice for creating a restful API. To be honest the first time I used fastify but I choose it for a reason because it had. I like it by the way it has a middle ground because you could do this with no JS and express and do everything yourself but then you have a lot of plugins and middlewares and libraries to add and a lot of opinionated things to do. Or you could go to more structure framework like nest.js for example and there I think that was like an overkill for this not having to have all these dependency injection or the modules or all these features that have nest that also make it very heavy. So for me fastify was a good choice. I wanted to see it myself and try it as well so I went for that. I choose also to use Greco as a DRM and Postgres SQL for it. VTS for test and of course these are part of the requirements. Okay. I set up the tie box to request and response schemas to validate them the docker compose to run it. It is made for running like asset development not as a production. It actually wipes the database every time you run it and runs the seed and the migrations on top of that. But yeah, so the approach was that and then the idea was have an easy way to test this and unit test these different parts. So. I when I say I of course I did this with AI. I don't know if you saw my. I put it here how exactly I use AI for this. So I use open code. I don't know if you're familiar. It's basically cloud code open source version that you can switch to different providers. For this case I use all GPT providers and what I did is of course I fit it with the requirements that were given in the assignment. And I use tool called oh my open agent which is it gives me a lot of tools, mcp integrations, lsb and they have these different agents for doing documentation. So it always has the latest augmentation etc etc consumes a lot of tokens but it's worth it. And yeah, so how I use it I basically created an implementation plan with it. I did a back and forward with a brainstorming with it and create a big definition of what we wanted to do. And I decided which technologies were important. And the things that are very important to me to put in the first place in the rules of course I created an agents.md to create rules for all the agents to run and do certain things in a certain way that I don't want to be repeated on different agents. And yeah that's pretty much it. When I separated this in different faces. Okay. So first the foundations. Okay, so installing everything then the database. Then we started with the concrete implementation of what we want to do and then the implementation for each API. Okay. It took more integration kind of. Test oriented. So I did a few unit tests at the beginning more integration test because it also tests the whole thing and helps me. To make sure that the agents work well and review that the integration is good and something to say for example that I think it's important in order to have this separation. So there is a creation of repositories. Here is all what is the persistence kind of logic. Here's where the database and the rm is used and the pagination is handled and these kind of things. And then you have the service where it's more like the business logic that is going to be stored here. And of course this is not included in fastify. This is like a decision to separate things in order to test it better and have different. Of course it creates more files and creates more interfaces. But yeah serves a purpose to have it better tested. I don't know if you have any particular questions for me here.  Yellow Room: In the cursor pagination if you. Can. Expand a bit more on that. So I guess the choice was. For simplicity. And the one of going with. Precise based opagination. By if you can remind us the difference between both and. One is better than that.  
Me: Sorry so you're talking about.  Yellow Room: I was talking about cursor pagination.  
Me: Yeah. So yes also there was a constraint on time here. I spent a lot of in the other. So I had to do something simple but also it was basically requested in the in the thing. I understand what you mean cursor parts in agent. You have many the course of person agent is basically you base 64 the latest item and then you and the filters and what page comes next and the page slides and then you get cars are in a lot more efficient because you use basically you can even use index search and you don't have to read and go through the whole thing because with this even if you are doing an offset the database needs to go through them right so it's not as performant. Why choose this? Because it was in the assignment by the way that was very clear. Yeah but yeah I understand what you mean totally.  Yellow Room: Yeah, of course.  
Me: For sure. Pagination was you see. Basically.  Yellow Room: This is more. Less technical and more philosophical. In this AI times. How do you stay in control of the code? While you are doing. Coding? I mean, we do that with what you did there. It aligns with what we're currently using. I'm just curious about how you see these changes. And stay in touch with the. Code.  
Me: Yeah. It is hard. And it completely changed how we worked like a year ago right like. Well not a year ago. But yeah surely. What I try to do is I still want to have the essentials of engineering there. Meaning we need to have small files, very descriptive names for things functions that are not monolithic. We need to try to try. I did try to do this. If you see this every face I did I created a pull request for this right and then that helps me. Not only when I'm talking with the AI and looking at the code a bit on what it's doing and everything. I also go to and review the code. But you see that still this is huge. Well these are foundation scaffolds. Okay, so there is a lot of. Files that you create for reasons but still are very.  Yellow Room: Yeah, this is just a boiler.  
Me: Big.  Yellow Room: Plate.  
Me: Yeah the boiler brain and things like that. But you get what I mean. So you I try to get them to have faces and divide it as you would and then you control it. And the other thing I do I use plan notator which is basically I discuss what I want to do and this creates a very detailed plan of the implementation. I added this into the documentation by the way. I didn't add it to. Thing. I didn't push it. Maybe.  Yellow Room: Yeah, I was trying to find the dog. S.  
Me: Oh plans sorry isn't the plans folder sorry.  Yellow Room: You probably have. It in.  
Me: So yeah yeah plans. So here are all the plans. So this is basically the implementation each phase what is going to do and I'm very very picky about this and go I go back and forward a lot with the I use this plan notator. I don't know if you use it or not it's very useful by the way to give you this and you can comment on certain things and take it back to the agent. The agent comes back with a new proposal and you go back and forward with that decision basically. This is me working alone. Okay. So this means we don't have a technical design already done by someone else and decided beforehand which should be what you do in a bigger architectural change for example. Again sorry you were saying.  Yellow Room: I'm not sure. Probably I'm looking at. Different. I do you see that folder? The plans. Fall. Where is my mistake? I read. Yeah, I can see it's my. Bad. Okay.  
Me: Yeah, so this is the requirements from the what came from the assignment. And then this is an overall implementation. Plan. And then for each phase there is another and that will create a pull request and I try to go there review of course use also tools to review the code but yeah that's how I try to be on the code and the decisions that are made because sometimes the models make random decisions for you and yeah even after the plan was written as well but yeah the only way is review the code in those cases.  Yellow Room: Thank you, Sebast. Ian.  
Me: No problem.  Johnny Mitrevski: All right, Sebastian, I think we've kind of hit time. I know there was like, it was a pretty dense session. And you presented a lot, but I really appreciate everything that you've done. So. We're probably going to call it there so we can let the guys go as well. The next steps are going to be we'll probably have a chat. If you can talk to. I believe you spoke to Danny, was your main point of contact or. Nico. So tell him how you thought this session went.  
Me: Yes.  Johnny Mitrevski: We'll say how we thought this session went. If all good, there's one more step, which is a session with our ceo. It's a bit of like a raise in the bar cultural fit session.  
Me: Okay.  Johnny Mitrevski: And. Then post that, it will come to like an offer stage. But once again, thank you very much for your time and all your efforts that you put into it. Really appreciate it. And yeah, have a great day.  
Me: Same to you thank you guys for hearing me talk so long have a good one.  Yellow Room: Thank you. Bye bye.  Johnny Mitrevski: You too. Thank you very much.  Yellow Room: Bye.  
Me: Bye. 