Meeting Title: Invitation: Senior Engineering Manager at Pennylane
Date: Jul 9
Meeting participants: Greco Sebastian

Transcript:
 Matthieu Gendreau: Seb. Astian.  
Me: Good morning. Oh hello. Hello there. Good morning.  Matthieu Gendreau: Can you hear. Me?  
Me: Yes can you.  Matthieu Gendreau: Yeah, I think it's good.  
Me: Nice good morning.  Matthieu Gendreau: Morning. Let me find my notes quickly.  
Me: Sure.  Matthieu Gendreau: My connection is not good. Just tell me because I can move to a spot where I have my Wi-Fi.  
Me: Now I wouldn't have noticed if you wouldn't. Tell me.  Matthieu Gendreau: Okay, so thanks for taking the time. So for today, what I suggest is maybe you can start with a round of introduction. And then we have multiple questions for you. And then I will make sure to make 10 or 15 minutes at the end for your questions. If you have questions about the whole, about pen range. Sound good?  
Me: Yep looks like a.  Matthieu Gendreau: Okay.  
Me: Block.  Matthieu Gendreau: Let me start then. Sebastieu. I'm a senior engineering manager at any lane to give you a bit of background. My most significant experience with opinion. Was. An entrepreneur. I created three companies. One of them was called family. I was founder of. CTO. The company was basically building a mobile bank in Niger. Ia. So we started by giving out small loans. And eventually after three years, we started building bank accounts, savings accounts, etc. The company grew quite a lot because when I left in 2021. I think we. Were. We had like 2 million customers in Algeria and as CTO, I've been a team of around 35 people. Between Paris and Lag. Os. So. That's it. And then to jump to p, I joined one and a half years ago as engineering manager first of team platform. And then I was promoted eventually to a group of team called also platform. So I kept the same scope with mult diameter. And for the last three months I've also moved to being charge of a new group of team. Building a carbon system. Which is something because I already built a bank in. And to give more details about what I do at pending. So in the platform types, I have four teams. One of them is called financial access. The scope is around login to a fair on the internal dimension system. For example, one of the ongoing projects is to allow large. Customers on our platform to define their whole set of own set of rules for the employees because we started.  
Me: Sorry.  Matthieu Gendreau: System role for the employ. Ees.  
Me: Okay.  Matthieu Gendreau: So we start having some really specific needs like to say, okay, my invoicing manager, I want him to. Basically be able to see invoices, but hide, maybe hide the high band for him. Or things like that. So I think at first we try. To find a good set of permissions which we are working for all the invoicing managers of all companies. And then I think because we are embodying more and more large companies, now we have more advanced needs and we need to basically. Allow companies on our platform, especially large companies to define their own permission for their own users. Of their own. Employee. S. Another team is the devops quad taking care of our kubernetes cluster database, etc. I have part of my team working on. A sharding project. So we have currently, I think, the largest database that admazon can provide us. So we can't really scale any more vertically. So the next step is to scale horizontally. And what we have a large project to refactor the applications to make sure that we. Basically kind of different companies in different shard of the database.  
Me: You are using sharp I was trying to prepare for this and I was saying like probably they have a lot of huge databases so I was reading a bit of you using passwords right.  Matthieu Gendreau: Yeah, yeah. I think we did a great job at optimizing it and I think it was. Amazing while it lasted, but I think we have reached really a point where there is no other choice but to sharp.  
Me: Yeah yeah.  Matthieu Gendreau: So about as much in the index. Another part of my team is working on developer experience. So because we are in the context of a mono repo, we have more than 100 commits per day on the main branch. So we need to make sure that when software engineers switch branches, they have kind of a magical experience around migrations dependencies of the. Tools and things that abstract the complexity, which is taken care by the local science. Team. And last but not least, I'm managing the front administrator. Team, which mainly takes care of the design system used by all the engineers at the. End. That's from and as for the core banking system. Track, which is quite new. So we're already providing bulk accounts to our customers, but it's through a bunch as a service partner called swam and we're in the process of. Basically applying to get our own payment establishment license. And to replace then that's will keep the same products for our user. So we replace the engine behind instead of having a circuit will have our own co-packing system. And so for now I have two teams. One of them is taking care of connecting to safer payments and the other ones is handling car. Payments. But I think the teams are like two, three months old. The goal is to be live end of next year. And I think that's it for me. To you, Seb. Astian.  
Me: Okay I go I'm going to do like tlvr and then we can deep dive on whatever you think it's needed I'm going to start with personally I'm argentinian so I have been living in Italy for the past 10 years now. So I hope your team and my team see again in the in the final yeah I don't know if that's possible but yeah and I'm a father of four year old and and then I have been in for the past three years an engineer leader in riverside is started as a small company I did a whole 4.5 years there I started as a part of the six developer team and 20 people the company and in these four and a half years when I left we were 110 engineers and 300 in total in the company so I started there as a full stack senior developer moved to engineer manager for a year and a half and then another year and some eight months I was like doing what we call group leads there so I manage four different teams in four different areas one of my teams was the platform team by the way and then there were feature teams where growth business and publishing two teams I basically. Hire and created from scratch. The other two were like the former platform team and the growth team that already existed that came under me. For a total of 27 people the group okay before that I don't know if you. Want to go back in the years.  Matthieu Gendreau: To deep dive a bit to me on reverse side. Can you explain to me a bit what is the product, what problem you are solving for customers.  
Me: It's a platform for video podcasting creating videos editing simply recording and post-processing video editor online for the video I entered there because my previous experience was a startup I did three years my startup failed at the end but we were doing video live streaming in the cloud so I gathered a lot of knowledge in webRTC video transcoding those kind of things so when I moved to Riverside I came with a lot of that knowledge in my backpack at the end of the reverse I wasn't touching anymore the video transcoding anymore but but yeah I started there with all that right and and yeah so live streaming and a lot of AI features on top of it of course yeah.  Matthieu Gendreau: And where your customers like small content creators are more like large companies. What was the person that you are selling.  
Me: The rear side if it's not the leader today in video podcasting and video creation it's there with that script okay so we have everything from the biggest youtubers you know especially in the states to huge companies Microsoft Yahoo very big media companies 45% of the the revenue of riverside is from B2B clients so we have B2B and B2C of course but yeah it's huge like basically almost all content creators are using it and then enterprise creators also creating or internal courses or internal podcasts or internal videos for sharing information between the teams things like that today one of my team was publishing team we also do hosting of podcast so you can publish automatically to multiple platforms say Spotify YouTube iTunes whatever it is so there's a lot of the idea of reverse site is to own completely the whole content creation process of pre the recording the post processing and the publishing and now they are extending to even more creating like of course all in the middle right so social media posting and those kind of things but yeah 2025 I left the company I said I thought that I reached my cycle there and since then I have been in a sabbatical I took time sabbatical so I went back to a lot of coding and AI and playing with a lot of things created a few funny products and yeah I have been doing that in the past two months or so I started looking for for a new company and yeah that's where I am right now.  Matthieu Gendreau: These to? Okay. And you mentioned that before reversal, you created your own company. How did I misunderstood that?  
Me: I created stream it was this video live streaming production platform basically were for it was a B2B company we had our our growth during covid because content creation wasn't easy from in the same place so but then it didn't work out but yeah that's it and before that I had my own digital agency for almost 11 years I started in Buenos Aires office employees everything a bit of staffing putting people somewhere but I work in many different technologies and products and different things work with different clients in the states, panama and mexico yeah I did that then the startup then reverse side and here I am.  Matthieu Gendreau: Okay. Thanks. Okay. And here I was, I didn't, sorry, I'm moving back myself because I didn't tell you about me, but I move a little bit to some. Friends. And also a father of five months. Old.  
Me: Congratul.  Matthieu Gendreau: And I'm 36 years. Old.  
Me: Ating oh okay it's not new then.  Matthieu Gendreau: Thanks. Is python folder now.  
Me: Okay six months I thought that you said you have only one kid or two.  Matthieu Gendreau: One. Only one.  
Me: Ah okay okay so yeah congratulations then yeah.  Matthieu Gendreau: Okay, so my next question is maybe. To. Go back to something you said about leaving riverside. You said you reached the end of the cycle. Can you give me a bit more context and what does it mean for you? And what was the reasons for you leaving Rivers. Ide?  
Me: So the reason was basically I think I cover my cycle that I enter when the company was very small I work with with everyone I knew the platform end to end and from that moment were like almost seven years working in video I really needed like a change. And also there were restructuring in the company in the sense of we changed three times BP of engineering and I was part of that hiring by the way I partnered with the CEO I did it I interviewed some VPs of engineering and everything. The direction where the company was going. For me at the time like let's say the new the new VP of engineering was taking everything very moving everything to being in Tel Aviv. And treating all the remote teams like series B kind of and I was back because I was there from the beginning my place was there I didn't have any problems but I have. Three teams were remote and two teams were in the office growth team and platform team were on site aside for one developer that was in Argentina. And I felt like how they started just to to move everything there the decisions company was remote only a remote focus and suddenly they were taking also these decisions that were like for example like promises of getting people I would say promotions were canceled because they were remote for example yes so I wasn't I wasn't very happy with that because also it's not very nice to do some things like that so things like that yeah yeah and the pace also live streaming is a very heavy space on the on the control feed so yeah so I close I talk with the CEO directly I say hey I'm living when I'm the best moment I think this is is my time for closure that was it dedicated a bit of on my salmon and AI let's say yeah.  Matthieu Gendreau: Okay. That makes sense. And today what are you looking for and what will be like game slides running completely red flags.  
Me: And looking I think didn't change much I'm looking for a nice product a product that really solves real things for users very product oriented kind of engineer would be obtains for people real people they are doing real things so I look for that looks something that is interesting to me and makes an impact also to these people and that has some technical challenges along the way I like learning like for me Riverside was amazing learning experience from the management point of view from technology point of view I love that. And and then of course with everyone searches right a good cultural fee people like is willing to help each other work as a team those kind of things are basic I'm telling it I know it's obvious but it is important for me that it has a good vibe. You know.  Matthieu Gendreau: Okay. Okay. Okay. And what's your understanding of the senior engineering manager role that we. At the name?  
Me: What is my understanding.  Matthieu Gendreau: Yes, what is your understanding of what is the senior engineering manager at.  
Me: Yeah I think.  Matthieu Gendreau: Pigeon?  
Me: I think it's very similar of what I understood is very similar in my group lead probably in riverside so basically having a group teams directly managing one-on-one with the engineer managers and basically helping connect them working in good communication between them and helping of course product and design and everything like to plan get a roadmap try to push forward and have like a good communication between the teams and most likely with other teams other groups as well held on communication planning infrastructure design architectural instance if there are any I guess is a bit of product oriented kind of thing and also architecting and doing features and communication between teams. And if I don't know you tell me if I'm correct or not but yeah that's my understanding yeah.  Matthieu Gendreau: I'm gladly thinking about it. I think I'm doing other things. I think there are some challenges around. Because I'm building a new track. I. Spend. A bit of time on stuffing as well. Making sure they are the right people arriving at the right moment. They have a specific process at the miner. I've never seen that. Elsewhere where. And I think it's, I mean, you will see it in your process, but we don't hire for specific team. S. Meaning that each month we know a day doesn't have like 10 engineers joining each month. I think it's September is probably going to be 20 or more. And then it's like 15 days before we. Join. Basically we decide who goes into which team.  
Me: Well.  Matthieu Gendreau: We do company priorities every month. And then assign engineers based on the current company.  
Me: And this was always the case or it changed recently.  Matthieu Gendreau: Priorities.  
Me: Like priorities like reshuffling.  Matthieu Gendreau: The clarity is change all the time. And because it's changing all the time, I think it's. More efficient. To sign people last minute so it avoids.  
Me: Now I'm asking now I'm asking because in Riverside we use it to have the normal quarterly planning and in the last times with AI we saw that we we could do so much more and less time so we started planning every five six weeks basically we're doing like a whole planning every five six weeks and of course and I started something that the change obviously you change.  Matthieu Gendreau: Like telling. You.  
Me: Around data around competitors around many other things that you think but for us also was the introduction of AI and things like that we started planning widely more often to adjust for what was happening basically. But now not for you it was for you like always like this.  Matthieu Gendreau: I didn't put any change the way we work. Yet. But typically what happened, I think at some point the top management said that we, okay, we want to go. More aggressive on AI. And suddenly one more to be able to staff a team of five people. On AI topics. Because we are agile and static and we do competitive priorities every month. It allows you to do if the management take a decision. To very dynamically create a team or refocus priority.  
Me: Interesting.  Matthieu Gendreau: I think as a technology manager. I also like that. Because. We can use newcomers as a leverage and we don't like the focus consistently my teams or other teams. The only thing which is a bit at stake for me is like if I meet new people I might be superseded by a new company priorities, but I think it's fine and it's. How it works. And you would see a piny lane. I think we, I mean, I'm surprised at how many strategic priorities we are offering at the same time.  
Me: 40 squats right like that's crazy.  Matthieu Gendreau: Yeah.  
Me: It's not a joke.  Matthieu Gendreau: About 40 square. And we have, I mean the core. Business is huge. So we just have so many changes around performance optimizations. And then we are opening Germany. We are trying to figure out AI internally we are trying to figure clients. Who are building our own core banking system. There is a new law for invoicing coming into effect in September. So it's like we have five one priority. Level.  
Me: Okay you have some like there is no it's not boring there like that's that I can see and what about the AI and given the fact that you have you are managing also the dev experience you said right team are you also building like CLI tools rules general rules for everyone seeing I don't know MCPs what how is it for you today?  Matthieu Gendreau: To create an AI team I applied to manage it. But I was told that I already had like 60. But it was too much for me. So I didn't take the code but there is actually now I think they are creating a whole track around AI. So it will be more than one team, but a group of team. And trying to build internal infrastructure around AI to have some kind of abstractions where all our tools can connect to any model. Trying to also build autonomous agent within the companies. And for customers, I think the. Two what was announced publicly. Is two big products. First is MCP. Design. Which I think we are close to the. River. And the second product is what we call the AI stud. Io. So I don't know if you know load at all to build to vibe code some website. So what we realized is customers can get a lot of value exporting pi here or fcp and plug it into lovable to build their own use. Case. What we want to provide is AI studio where customers can hype code within page line. So they will be the opportunity for customers to write call their own module. Within pedaline using their own data so that they don't have to go to an external tool.  
Me: So if they want to do some crazy report or something very specific to them they can VI code it inside and put it as a module inside your. Thing.  Matthieu Gendreau: Yeah, we have some examples of, for example, small bike shop that wanted some inventory and there was nothing available in the market. So we spent some time like on lovable and with the pin API keys building his own stuff. And I think we want to bring this kind of use cases within the product. I just follow for long shot. So it's not there is a team working on it. I love the idea, but it's not live. Yet.  
Me: Nice.  Matthieu Gendreau: Okay. Questions. To, I think we're good for the senior year role. I think I'll ask you a bit about. Someone will ask you in the next one, but I think it's fine. I can ask you.  
Me: Yeah okay next next one would be technical like design review like design I think right at this technical design.  Matthieu Gendreau: Now. I don't think because we are trying to interoperate questions in our script, but it's quite recent.  
Me: Yeah.  Matthieu Gendreau: Maybe we asked three times the questions. Don't a bit. So my question is that, you know, so you spend the last year working out with AI. So in your experience and what did you learn experimenting with AI? What's works like super well?  
Me: That's fine that's fine.  Matthieu Gendreau: And what limitations it encounter with. AI.  
Me: So I already have like this kind of idea of AI so I have been working a lot with with experimenting with different tools for working myself right and then the products I built I have built three four products and that are just AI oriented one is an AI agent the other one is a copy of I don't know if you know whisper flow the one that you record yourself talking and translate it with anonymity it cleans it up so I thought I shouldn't be paying for that so I created my own running a local model which was very fun it's there it's it's really good I use it every single day.  Matthieu Gendreau: Mr. Ken, but then you use. For that.  
Me: And what.  Matthieu Gendreau: Which local model do you use for that?  
Me: So I'm using a whisper as a as a trans. Oh my gosh they want the voice to text okay and then on top of that q1 2.5 I'm using which is the one that is kind of quality versus versus speed because you don't want to wait. Like 10 seconds for for a text you know that you just so yeah is is that one I do believe that I need to fine tune though I now have a kind of big chunk of data to fine tune it so I'm probably going to do that next fine tune locally but yeah so so my my workflow today of course have changed I use I don't know if you know open code which is. Like basically the open source version of cloud code basically just because it allows me to jump to different providers and try different models and me myself but then working I do understand that it's very different to work in a small project or your own made from scratch with AI and small enough that it can probably fit in one million token context than working in a huge code base with legacy code with different microservices and different repos. I know that there is a big difference on that. And so what I use is basically using my workflow is using agents to any new feature I basically try to do the exact. I'm a believer that the basics of engineering shouldn't change okay you need to have your code to be very clean small non monolithic files and code functions that are well defined and encapsulated enough not because a human still needs to review that code but also because it's more efficient token and context wise as well. And then the other thing is keeping features small so you can fit things into context and having PRs that are. Readable and this reviewable let's say because otherwise 10,000 lines of code no human will actually look at that so I do believe that the basics of engineering still apply even if you are doing that you need to. Separate things and faces doing it very carefully and having good rules helps all your agents to do different things. I have seen also that using sub agents for tasks are helping on having the consistency on your main agent that is orchestrating all the coding and keeping the quadrails on the requirements you have written and all those kind of things I think is very important to spend some time on the plan and how you want to implement and I don't like to be vague about it like the technical decisions and architectures need to be from scratch given to the AI and then it just needs to implement what you have in your idea. Especially when working with teams I don't know how you work but you should be in real estate we have technical design reviews where we propose how we are going to do it and people will join and we will have a debate how the trade-offs etc etc. I think that is fundamental and then from that you need to go to the coding part with AI. Risks and limitations is very easy to create the hours of 2000 lines and it's a problem because code needs to be read and AI is far from preferred right now and will do weird things and very bad things even you say clearly not to. So it needs to be very well guarded. I think it changed a lot how we work but it didn't change much if you are like a senior developer like you are reviewing your architecting, designing and then the implementation might be done by you, by anyone else, but that didn't change that much in my opinion.  Matthieu Gendreau: Okay, thanks. Yeah, I think what we noticed a bit in penny line is that it incre. Ase. Gradually the pressure on seniors because the button becomes their re. Views. We're trying to.  
Me: Yeah, so everyone needs to be its own manager now, right? Because you need to be very careful and I don't think everyone is used to do that.  Matthieu Gendreau: Find walk around.  
Me: But it is complicated velocity is increased the amount of code you can generate is huge. But it can really go sideways if you are not in control what is going on there totally.  Matthieu Gendreau: Okay. I have another question for you. What do you think are your strengths today?  
Me: Strength today.  Matthieu Gendreau: Yes.  
Me: I don't think my strength have changed in the years. I consider myself a problem solver. Okay and I do believe that that's what the engineer should be. Okay that's my definition of engineering. Or software developer. We solve problems and we should be problem solving all the way. I don't really like this cannot be done. I prefer let's see how we can do it how we can how we can put corners, how we can adapt, but we should be solving problems. And I do believe that that's my strength. I'm a very good problem solver. And with the change it had changed the types of problems I had been solving. At the beginning were purely engineering then more for with people with planning with priorities and then communication and stakeholders. But I think that's something I truly believe I'm good at like which is okay a problem solver. I think that's one of my my perks. Yes.  Matthieu Gendreau: Okay. Do you have an example at either side as a manager of senior manager where you. Solve the problem. That didn't seem to be solvable by cutting corners or applying your problem solving skills?  
Me: I have a few in for you five years most recently I believe. It's probably more like finding the right balance trade off balance. I don't know if that's what you're looking for. But basically we went to. This big quarterly planning. And at the beginning we have I was at the moment I was grouply but also the team lead of the platform team left so I was doing both things at the same time. So I was team leading the platform team and also group lead. One of my other teams was the growth team. And during planning we saw that they wanted to implement a token system. You can buy tokens to do on expensive AI tasks. Okay pretty standard. Because we already have a few features in beta but we couldn't open it because it was very costly for us. So this was something that they put there but they didn't even have any product definition at the moment that we were planning. And we knew that platform team also owned the payment services by the way. So we as usually we do we say okay there is a dependency here from them from us. We're going to put a slot here in the first sprint. Blah blah blah. When we came to when we started doing it I assumed that it was going to be something complicated. And then rogue team presented the technical design. And I didn't agree with the solution that they were trying to do something very hacky because they had a very tight deadline right so they were they were in full sack team right they were implementing backend and. Front end but the payment system the contracts were was on the platform team. So platform team was present in these technical design review. So we said look we cannot store the tokens like you're wanting to do in the main database. That's not as sustainable kind of way. We knew already that this kind of thing was being implemented with other teams. The other teams wanted to do use the token system. It's a little bit like that's not something that we can do. And in riverside when we started growing we started to have a different mindset which is nothing we do should create tech debt. Okay. We can be smart about it. We can cut corners. We can release in different faces but we don't want to create more tech debt that we already have for anything. And so we went with them saying hey look if you do this we need to redo it and probably migrate database migration of databases and no no from my point of view. Unless there is like a huge business pressure from doing it right but otherwise it's a no-no for me. So from there we move to say okay let's let's see how so this is what we have in idea we wanted to do like a ledger system for tokens so people can buy and sell this. So we created microservice to do that and to keep it aligned with stripe. We were using stripe as a payment gateway. So what we propose is okay what is the first feature that you are going to be implementing? And so we understood that there are a lot of things that they first were considering in the system because they didn't use like automatic refunds history of the whole buying and selling and using the token. So let's try to do something. We are going to write this new microservice. While you're doing this part. We're going to write all the contracts from scratch from the beginning. So all the we were already using Kafka events for most of our ass in communication by there. So we wrote all the contracts and the events and we started working in parallel and what we sat with product and with the products of the other teams to understand when and what they needed for the first version. So we remove historical data, we remove the automatic refunds. We added manually refunds if someone complains with support because that was probably going to happen because people sometimes say I don't generate what you want and you complain. So we generated that but we didn't gave them like a tool to see what they did or what they do. So we actually had to postpone the deadline for one week which wasn't bad in my opinion was a good trade off because we built the system and we built the basic of incoming and buying and selling and using the tokens and then all the other things we kept delivering the things during the rollout of the feature. So basically they did the whole interface and the buying and the locking of the wallet. And we built the entire part of the thing. So what we did is basically we cut corners but we kept delivering this. We already had the room for that because in our climbing when we saw something that wasn't specified, we assumed it was going to be bigger than we expected. So luckily we had the capacity for that. But we didn't have much time to postpone it. So we needed to deliver in that time. So yeah that's how we did it. We ended up sending a fully functional MVP version basically. And in the coming weeks we delivered all the rest of the things and actually was used by other teams. Today if you were to rule your site. That is the token ledger that we built that time. So that's what we did. I don't know exactly the kind of. Example you were looking for. But yeah, I think it relates.  Matthieu Gendreau: I'm just curious about the human first token. How does it work? Because I feel like token consumptions can be a bit. Continuous. I mean, you conserve x amount of tokens per second. So do you. Like register the token conception or do you like this? How do you. Know how many.  
Me: We call it token but we weren't talking about tokens, AI tokens. Right. You could buy tokens to do AI things. And these things were charged.  Matthieu Gendreau: You exchange money against AI tokens?  
Me: Yeah and these tokens were like and then you have different features. The features that they were.  Matthieu Gendreau: Okay. So in the ledger, you just translate money paid by the customer against this arbitrary token. And then again use it in the product to consume AI.  
Me: Exactly you have like it's not real tokens of AI is we said okay creating a video of five minutes is going to cost us pretty much this and that that's why the automatic free phone was needed in the future because some of them we don't know is a third party tool. So we will know only when the fly was processed. So we could overestimate a bit and log your and then we will if if this thing or either fail or it was cheaper than we calculated because of the amount of minutes of the video then we will refund automatically the remaining tokens for you.  Matthieu Gendreau: Feature. S. Okay. Makes sense.  
Me: So yeah it was like points or something like AI credits or something like that and every feature had its own and we also did that like every feature we had a very complex way of saving every feature and in the future you could say the validity how many how many tokens was worth I don't know minutes of video minutes of audio images created because there were different third party tools that we were using at that time. So you could define that transformation. Let's say and the system will do it for you automatically.  Matthieu Gendreau: Okay. Thanks. Sebastian. I have another question for you. So you mentioned one of your motivations to join pendulin is. To learn new things. What are you looking to learn with pen. Ny line?  
Me: Hi, I do believe that I see a lot of data ingestion and quantities I probably haven't seen before. I do believe that I don't have to be fair honest Postgres in high scale production scale. We use our microservices. It was nowhere near what probably your handling here. And I'm guessing there is a lot of AI features that you want to implement that probably are going to be very interesting and to work. I don't know if that was going to be one of the squads that we are doing or not that I will get but yeah I think it's nice. So yeah that and probably a lot of things about accounting and regulations and things like that that probably are known by me today. Even if I have been a contractor for many many years now and I have dealt with all these taxes and accounting and cash flow things in my life sadly. But I do believe is a product that brings a lot of value especially having it all in one place and how you're approaching.  Matthieu Gendreau: And from what you have seen of our company. What do you think is the type of teams which will suit you best. Would you prefer, for example joining so if you maintain that digestion and quant. Ities from it in such, you maybe prefer to good nature team. On our core products. Justice for example we also have. Positions in, for example, in entertainment where the product is not mature and we have customers in Germany. I think we have positions in accounting, in SME side. In financial services. I mean. So marginally what do you think would be. The part of the company you would enjoy. The most?  
Me: More backended kind of engineer. That's my last year like even performance. I know you use Datadog. I push for observability using that end to end in Riverside. So I think I will thrive a lot in that sense but I still like being in touch with the product in the front features. Okay. So honestly I don't know I'm pretty flexible about those kind of things. But I do believe that I have a more experience in that backend oriented a bit of infrastructure. I don't think as hard as you are for example you have a lot of devops experience as well. Terraform there for you things like that. I'm not that low end on kubernetes and how these things work internally. But my strongest could be even in I don't know how you. Handle all that ingestion. I'm guessing you use some kind of silver gold kind of infrastructure green chest and then you process it and then you process it for analytics. I don't know how you do it. But those kind of things could be something that I. Would have to learn a bit and also thrive. But also to be honest if I have to go on a full stack team something related to finance. I find it very interesting all this EBITDA and markers. And the part that you already have. I know you have, oh my gosh I forgot the award. When you predict what is going to happen with your cash flow and your things. But I find that very interesting the part of the financing not so much the accounting but the financing part and all these different margins and indicators and indexes. I find it very interesting as a product as well. And of course using AI on top of whatever it is and give small businesses understanding of what is happening because numbers are not so easy sometimes to understand. Again connected to the finance. Okay how you're doing how you can spend what are your draining your cash flow those kind of things. I feel like it's interesting to me in a way. So yeah I think it's different. But yeah I do have more experience, my last experience in backend and a bit of infrastructure because of this platform team. I managed but yeah I think that's pretty much it. Yeah.  Matthieu Gendreau: Okay. Thanks Sebastian. I think I have everything. I need. So now it's like for your. Questions. If.  
Me: I think you answer quite a bit how you're structured, how you manage how this monthly prioritization happens.  Matthieu Gendreau: You.  
Me: The only thing I can ask you is okay how is culture? You have been you told me like a year and a half or two years so already.  Matthieu Gendreau: Re an. Alchem.  
Me: Yeah for you how is the whole culture in general how is communication between teams like that's something that we struggle a lot in Riverside for example.  Matthieu Gendreau: Ist. So what I love about the culture, I think there's a lot of autonomy and trust in the organization. So first of all take one of the reason I joined pand. Is. I think individual. Level is quite high. I mean it's definitely the average engineer at penny lane is probably. Above the average engineer that other companies that apply to. So. And I think it's what makes really my day today better. I can be in any meeting. I think I. M discussing, debating with my colleagues hearing about. The technical proposals etc. I think about autonomy. So things I struggled with is. There is a lot of information because there is like 50 teams now. Can be quickly drowning. It's like because I think that's going everywhere. So it's hard to gather the necessary context as EM or SCN that can provide to your team. And it's also hard manager. Advertise what your team is doing because part of the job is to showcase success. Team. So you need to make sure that. All logging this one is aware of the good things you do, but you don't want to add to the noise. So it's like a fine balance that you have to.  
Me: Kind of group I believe. In my opinion.  Matthieu Gendreau: Yeah it's a specific challenge for platform but it's also specific audience because when you talk about platform topics or in engineers like channels and there is an appetite fight. But it's true. That. Engineers at platform squad maybe have. Less of communicating.  
Me: Oh I'm losing you a bit.  Matthieu Gendreau: Compared to product managers and other things like to push it back. Now.  
Me: I think yes yeah yeah yeah now you spoke like at 200 kilometers an hour and now you're back to this.  Matthieu Gendreau: I think it's back. In all of the other squad that is product nigger with job is to communicate. So I think it's quite structure. I think the platform squared. Manager to push people to communicate but when I do it. S finally people. Challenges other engineers are intellectual. By technical challenges. So it's fine. What works really well at pin. Ylane especially when I was in unan. Nounced. Is that you can. Go speak to any other team in p and figure out your issues with them directly. You know you can there. Is those easy line of communications. You don't need to go up the management chain to figure out the roadmap. Or anything like this.  
Me: Part of the autonomy kind of thing that also is included right like you can talk directly.  Matthieu Gendreau: If I go see the mobile spot and say okay I need something from you because it's important for updates the product manager on engineering and job over there will try to figure out if it's important for penny line and then if it is they will put it on the roadmap. I don't need to negotiate it with five layers of management.  
Me: Nice okay that's nice.  Matthieu Gendreau: So it's really I think at. The end. Me as a manager when I look at my teams are shipping. I'm asking for impact if I realize they worked on something. For any other team I was not aware about. I mean if I realize it's important for paneling is fine for me as. Well. And I think we want to keep this culture. I think it's our company should work without too much politics. You know. People just talk to each other figure out what's for the company. And there is necessary alignment to get at some high level to take it as senior manager. We need to figure out high level objectives but that's for detailed implementation and for coordination. I think it was quite well by having engineering managers talk to each other.  
Me: Okay I have one more question is how much you are hands on or how you feel your hands on is it something that it happens or is more like at the architectural level or just decision making for you today like I said a senior.  Matthieu Gendreau: I managed to ship I think. Five pull request in over the last two weeks. But it's I would say a bit exceptional.  
Me: Okay.  Matthieu Gendreau: So it's not an expectation of the job but I try to from time to time. One of our value is a community of builders. So we. Positively seem to. That everyone contributes. Actually. We have one thing which is quite impressive at the end of the CTO is contributing a lot. The CQ is still one of the top contributors to the code. And it's that contributing easily pull request analysis. We're doing a significant stuff that and block better next for the company. And I think it is an example for the technical team of someone very senior. Who is contributing. At engineering manager level. We don't have official guidelines so you will see some engineering manager which don't contribute at. All. And some engineering manager who dedicate up to 30, 40, 50% of the time. I think in the top 100 contributors of the tech team there is I think four reg. Ionals. Which comes from specific teams where they can contribute a lot.  
Me: Okay.  Matthieu Gendreau: So it really depends. I think senior manager is a bit of a blind spot. Where. It's hard to have an impact by your contribution. I think the CQ is a bit of. Special. Position because it's a secured funder. It's not a cause based on day one. And he has a good routine and I think he's managing to basically. I think he's also defining his. Own role. What he doesn't have enough time to code basically he can delegate. A new array of management.  
Me: But but do you feel like.  Matthieu Gendreau: But with all the responsibilities of first senior man. Ager I think it's hard to make an impact. I feel good practice is just to be hands. Off enough. To just as an habit to know how it is how it feels. Do some performing with engineers from time to time. But you will see serial managers who are not coding at all. You will see some who can spend a few hours per. Week. So yeah, but I know for me to wait to it's a bit of a health check if I manage to request on a given width. It means I'm. Not overwell. Ed.  
Me: Okay so it means that basically you can kind of obviously I'm not expecting someone in a senior engineer manager to be actively pushing features right that's not under my expectation but time to time you can go and work some things out and things and how do you feel about like well you have a lot of I imagine architectural kind of designs and decisions that you make right I consider that also a bit of hands-on to be honest like setting the. Path or where the infrastructure should go but I guess you have a lot of that because of the platform. Kind of group.  Matthieu Gendreau: Yeah, of course involved in that especially in the common consistent track we take a lot of architectural decisions at the moment. You know how do we build the ledger? What are the grantees we put it in there? And I think part of my role is. Contributed by explicit in what is important for me and what is less important. Because there is a lot of stakes. Yeah, I mean if. We. Basically get it wrong we lose the money of. Customers. Our bank. You will see some engineers being a bit paralyzed by that okay we need like 100 layers of security. Storms. Which careful enough. So I'm here to put a bit of balance to say okay what's really important is that we have like a product model which is really strong with strong guarantees that database level etc. So that maybe on top of that we can build things which are a bit more solid. Because if we. Bake. In strong consistency guarantees and strong auditability guarantees that what we do with the system if we use it wrong. We have a way to recover. So it's less important in the future. So this is the kind of insight I'm trying to bring of you know maybe spend a bit more time here make sure you have alignment and I'm pushing people to say okay one thing I did for example is the one who designed the L. FC about the ledger. I was like okay now you need to share it with staff engineers because it's important for the company to have senior eyes on it. Make sure. I put it in the ccu as well because it's a heavy hands on and I know the steel was intersected about knowing that we will not lose money because we poorly designed the database. So for this kind of decision involved into and I think I added value is to add a bit of context and framing a bit of you know this is important. And that we should invest more and that we should get more corner. S. Especially at the stage of the project. That is when it's not about implementing. Our an API with a third party partner. I will look at it two three comments. And I think it's also part of my role. To know when not to. Just. You know because I didn't have to ask so sometimes I want to I know something is wrong but I'm refraining myself as well to say. Okay. Let's let this slide because it doesn't really. Matter for the topic.  
Me: Amazing amazing thank you thank you I think that's all the questions I have.  Matthieu Gendreau: Sebastian I will debrief with was it tomorrow you were. In contact with.  
Me: Sorry I lost you for a second what did.  Matthieu Gendreau: I will deal with you were in contact with and. They will probably get.  
Me: Thomas? Yeah.  Matthieu Gendreau: Back to you probably today or tomorrow.  
Me: Okay amazing thank you very much it was a pleasure.  Matthieu Gendreau: Thanks, have a day by. E.  
Me: Thank. You bye bye.
