Meeting Title: Invitation: Senior Engineering Manager at Pennylane
Date: Jul 22
Meeting participants: Greco Sebastian

Transcript:
Charlotte Bourcier: Hello. 
Me: Hello. Doing good. 
Charlotte Bourcier: Fine, fine. Glad to meet you. We are waiting for another charlotte. To start, we have one hour together. This arrow is more focused on the collaboration with product people. And I, from the product team, so we did dive more into how you collaborate design manager and product manager. As usual, like we try to keep around like 50 minutes at the end for your questions. And we start with some introduction. In voila. Okay, Cool. I just explained quickly the process to Sebastian and yeah to introduce myself. I'm charlotte. I'm senior design manager at pin length. I've been in the company for a year and a half and I'm managing the designer in the financial services track to the team that is building the product for the SNE side and I'm with shamet also. 
Charlotte Moreau: Number two. On my side I'm head of product. I work specifically on what we call insights. So how do we generate basically intelligence or like little pieces of information and actions that we can. Show to client that's the, let's say innovative report, but there's also like all of the like dashboarding analytics etc. So it's basically how do we. Leverage better the data that we have for people to help for accountant to add the client and for SMEs to better steer their businesses. That's. The goal. 
Me: To meet you both well I'm Sebastian that you know I'm Argentinian actually I have been living in Italy for 10 years now I'm a father of four year old and that's me as a person then professionally I have been. Last three years engineer manager in riverside is now a scale up I would say before that I did my own startup so I work almost three years that failed as many other startups but yeah a lot of learnings and good things from it before that I had my own digital agency for almost 11 years working with different clients and different. Products and experiences and things like that. So yeah full stack engineer all the way and yeah a lot of managing people in the last three years or so and teams so yeah that's pretty much me. 
Charlotte Moreau: Maybe we can start with you can tell us how you collaborate with the product teams in general. Maybe you can give us like specific example or like the last projects that you guys. Worked on. 
Me: We can deep dive in something in particular but I usually like my kind of philosophy how I see like creating products is basically exactly this trio okay and I think this is a partnership that's how I see it like is the best way to get to a good. And quality product I believe is having these three work together towards an end and communicate along the way right not at the beginning or at the end or I think it's a work effort so usually how we work in riverside of course we we change we started being six people right six engineers and then we were like 120 so things change along the way but at the end when we had more in a structure that would be similar to penny lane would be of course every team has its own PM and a team lead or engineer manager and of course a designer in reverse how it works is product was like designers work being managed by product but basically these three team lead PMs and designer from a team will work together for building different features so how we usually organize the work is of course we will plan the quarter and the features and we will have meetings with the whole team all engineers all designers all talking about what we see in the roadmap okay things change at the at the end okay usually try to do a quarter planning then we started shorting in that because we understood that there was a lot of effort and something that would never come but basically we will have like an idea of how we want to work and of course a product will show us the idea behind it the reasoning the research they do and we will have some first conversations about it then it will come to the handoff where design will show us the designs of the new feature of how we wanted to do it. And basically again walk through to design a lot of conversation and discussion between the engineers the product and everything a lot of things came up from these meetings to be honest a lot of changes and modifications and things like that. And yeah then part of our agile was also doing a backlog refinement where we already have all the features spread out in different things the three parts engineering design and product go through all these different tasks and we will wait it in different amount of story points and then we will go from there. Of course I'm oversimplifying is known as easy we have deadlines we have sometimes we said okay what we can do to deliver something at the end of the sprint and then we will cut corners there's a lot of talks between again mostly engineering and product but sometimes we need also the support from design to know okay we could corners but the experience still needs to be solid it's not like you couldn't then something doesn't load or something like that. But that was in the in the planning phases and then we tried to commit to that and then we go along and we try to iterate over the products there was a lot of data driven kind of idea in riverside we will measure a lot and we will change along the way during so usually it didn't finish when. We leave it there other than small box that you always have to tweak here and there we had also a lot of data driven understanding where the users stopped the flow where the users clicked the most if there were some rough points the overall usage and also sometimes when there was a big big. Change we will measure also the usage of other parts of the application if we had like something that is interfering with the previews flow that users use it to do. So yeah I don't know if we want we want to talk about something in particular but this is pretty much how. 
Charlotte Moreau: Yes maybe thanks for the first overview. So that's more how like in general like product and designer and engineering we're interacting. My question was specifically like you as a tech leader. How are you interacting also with your counterpart. S? So I want to do a head of product or whatever. To name and head of design or whatever the name. It was. 
Me: Yeah usually for the planning okay and prioritization prioritization of the things are where we sit the first four prioritizing I'm not sure I'm following exactly what you want but here. 
Them: Though I'm wondering. 
Charlotte Moreau: For example it's maybe more like the em and the product manager are doing all these refinements. It's not so much or at least not always the head of product and the senior engineering manager. So I was wondering. 
Me: As a senior engineer manager you. 
Charlotte Moreau: Yes exactly as a manager basically how you were working with your count. Erpart. 
Me: Okay so so okay so in riverside I did the whole thing right I started as a thing then I became an engineer manager and then I become a senior engineer manager as an engineer engineer manager of course my role changed okay so my role there was more to understanding the overall roadmap and how different teams of my group were aligning or misaligning or things that were in between sometimes we had very similar product approaches in different parts especially we had in particular I was in a growth team which is a team that basically is experimenting and doing a lot of new features and measuring and throwing things a/B testing etc etc so this themes was also very connected with other teams outside even my group so my part of the job was keeping the good communication okay understanding that no one is overlapping trying to prioritize things between the teams and of course doing also communication with. 
Them: Yes. 
Me: At the end we also have someone at my level so a senior product manager that was also talking with the group so I had my regular meetings with him to understand and align on certain initiatives and things that we were working on but yeah my main thing was there to facilitate to both parts okay both parties what was possible I would sometimes do as a first filter of technical feasibility if something is feasible or not or how hard it is or how easy it is to to accomplish but yeah I work a lot with my teams in particular and then an overall to orchestrate a bit all the things that were ongoing. But I'm not. 
Charlotte Bourcier: You have a specific example like you mentioned your word is also to spot like overlap and green that's definitely our job also with shallots in our different teams. Maybe you have an example of like. A team working on a similar topic or something like you spotted with the senior group and we went about that. Could be interesting. 
Me: So overlapping. It happened a lot and try to think in the beginning we had this this was an issue for us honestly we had to we were lucky enough people as well so the communication was a bit rough at the beginning. I cannot. On the top of my mind remember one of those situations I can talk very recent feature. That a product across teams. No I can talk big one yeah I do and talk a big one was the one that we did for projects Riverside I'm going to give a context of the product a bit so Riverside is a video recording tool for podcasters video content generation in general okay so we had this kind of. Make a big reshuffling of the structure okay so we had the studios and you can record in the studio and you will have all your recordings in the studio so one of the things that came up from the product research is that we will need to do like a big change in the structure where we are going to add, we're going to add projects and projects are going to be something that could have recordings from any studio whatsoever so it's an entire new level okay it was a big thing because we were having to change the entire structure of how things were fine. We can talk about that because we had a lot of as engineers and users ourselves have to say about the reshuffling because it's always understood that when you have a big change in the layout users are not going to like it most likely. But at this point this was changing the structure so this changed a lot what we were doing and the interface of the whole dashboard. And of course this was conflicting with many of the initiatives that we other teams were working at the time there was planning to do global search for example and this was impacting directly with how you search something in the previous interface and in the new interface. So basically my job there was first and foremost talk with other product managers and team leads to show them what we were doing because this was something that was going to change dramatically the dashboard. And basically we had to align with them and work with them on their new initiatives because as soon as we open this new feature flag and new feature most likely what they were working in the last weeks wouldn't be there anymore. So a lot of my job was there to. Us, support them. So my team support the other teams in order to have prepare whatever they are preparing for the two models that we will have into the dashboard. So the task was basically that we will have like every sync meetings where we will show our progress to some of the other product engineers and we will show them our proposal designs on how the new feature was going to be. And of course we were going to work with them to assist them technically from the engineering point of view. And of course they're mainly designer will take our idea and implement it properly for their teams to implement. And of course a closed loop of having a version in staging for them to test it and try it and run their new automation testing and those kind of things. I don't know if that's exactly what we were looking for. But yeah it was a big one. 
Charlotte Moreau: But I have a question. In this example you were the engineering manager team lead of the team or were you the manager of the team. 
Me: I was the manager of the team. So I went to my teams and other teams. At that point I was the only senior engineer manager basically. There were other engineer managers. It was the first group that was created in the company. 
Charlotte Moreau: Lead. 
Them: Okay. 
Charlotte Moreau: Okay. 
Me: Yeah. 
Charlotte Moreau: Question is how like what did you do versus. Have the other people do in this project and especially your team leads like what were their role on your. S. 
Me: So they're all was basically work on the feature itself. My role was going and talk with the other teams and gather all the information what they were working on, the requirements and come back to them and say hey we have this situation in this team. The editor team has doing this. It's going to be problematic for us. I had this and this and that. We need to propose something to them and then gather another meeting with them and align all the teams together basically. My idea was overseeing what they were doing and how it could affect in other teams. So they could just focus on what they were doing. Basically. 
Charlotte Moreau: Maybe a kind of like follow up question on that. But. In this type of cases like how do you. Make your team grow also in terms of like cross team collaboration. And is this something that you expect from your team leads. Or not? 
Me: As I said like my job there is to open the channel of communication and support the other teams. Okay. I expect my teams to do that. I dare say things that are critic for other teams that are releasing here or during our releases. Because I know I have the overview on when we are going to release this and how is the release plan. So I'm going back to them and of course they are the ones that then need to engage with them. We need to propose something and then they need of course direct communication. It's not like I'm the middleman all the time. Right. I don't know exactly what you expecting an answer. But yeah. So I expect my team leads to have direct communication with the other teams when something like this pops up of course. And that's what you were looking right. If I expect team collaboration between different teams in my group and outside my group. Yes. My job there is to facilitate again open channels of communication for them to docking will be probably overseeing what they're doing, how they are going and also understand if they can commit some things or not. Because my team would say yeah we're committing to do this. Sure you can make these two things at the same time. We have this deadline. They had this deadline and trying to facilitate the communication between them. 
Them: Okay. 
Me: Yeah. 
Charlotte Bourcier: Maybe changing the topics a little bit like we talk about like collaboration with different team. I would be interested to know more about like. I don't know maybe a project where like product design and tech, the different views of what success look like. And like how did you handle that? Like with your mediocre counterpart or. The. 
Me: So this is what I said before. This whole reshuffling of the thing was something that. I think for the first time engineering felt really too much. Okay. We, me included felt that these reflect shuffling, we weren't. Agree on this new change of layout because it would make people really hard to find things from one day to the other. It would make us create things for them, organize their things in a different way. So they will come and see a completely different thing. So when we had a lot of. Conversations internally in the engineering team at the beginning about this and how we thought this wasn't a good idea in our point of view. So basically we. Call a meeting with the RPMs and designer. In this case design and product was very aligned. They didn't have this difference. You asked this difference in this case they were pretty aligned on the object. And I know why. Then we knew why. Basically from there we understood that we were missing some information that they didn't share with us properly in the beginning. There was a whole research and not only the research was backing up their decisions but also how they saw the dashboard becoming in the following iterations. Okay. So this was just a step that they took towards a bigger end. And that was a lesson learned for us. From us as a team. I mean product engineering. Meaning that we cannot simply say okay we're going to do this without trying to make engineering. I also understand what is that direction. What is the end goal? Because from out of context this change. Was to force in our ways. But if you see what they had planned for it, it would make sense to go disrupt. So basically what happened is we went with our concerns and saying what could be, we actually took it in a retrospective with the engineering team. And basically was okay let's prepare a document where we have all our concerns and take it to them. Of course I talked beforehand with the PM and discuss it and say hey we have some things really strongly that this is going to be worse for the product. And we want to talk to you. We want to show you what could be the problems here. And we went to that and he prepared as well. He came prepared with a lot of things as well. And we had a really good conversation. In which actually we change some things out of that not in the product itself but in the roadmap. Because after all knowing what they wanted to do we still felt that there was something missing. And this global search actually that I talked before. We actually reprioritized it to put it before in the roadmap because we felt that will solve most of the problems when reshuffling all the content from our people. Right. So us as an engineer said no. He kept saying no but at the end we will have the global search and we solve it. And we said well it's going to be too long till that comes. So at the end the resolution was okay we are on board with what they say. We trusted their instinct. We were still a bit hesitant but sometimes you need to commit. They have a view. They had the thing. And we say okay makes more sense now is not as dramatic as we thought initially. And at the end of that meeting we actually talked with the product senior product and reshuffle the global search to start working as soon as possible so people will have this search to embellish into the in the system beforehand. So yeah the basics right you sit talk you expose your things and you all try to get the product better. That's the general idea. 
Them: In this case I'm curious to understand. 
Charlotte Moreau: Like. What. Because I understand that you. Like worked on the project or at least like on exploring the project then realized you did not fully had like context on like why. I'm wondering in general how do you make sure that and how are you included in those conversations where we said like the vision on what we're building and why in the context. And yes in general how do you participate in those. How do you explain that in this case you didn't have this context beforehand. 
Me: So we were missing a proper planning and long term vision from product. Okay. So that was what missing in that case. So what was our concern there? It was a short term vision of what they had in mind. Right. So again this was a lesson learned from product engineering in the sense of okay it's not like we can just talk about the next two sprints of features. We need to look at it and start talking more about where this is going. As a product, as what we want to achieve. 
Them: Yes. 
Me: So how we solve it in general after that was first and foremost we started doing quarterly planning all the teams. Okay. So at the beginning of the quarter you will have an idea of the whole company. What was very superficially. Right. What they're working and why they were working on that. So there was we took two days every quarter to do this and everything we present and show what they were doing and what was the idea. But of course you as a team you always have your context on your domain and your group. But there are a lot of things happening in general. And also. That came with a prioritization on the company level. Okay. So if we wanted to do had to do something for someone else we would prioritize depending on whose task was my priority at. Company level. But basically the idea is we started planning and talking more between teams and we had every quarter to talk about this and we had of course the bit more context in general we asked for a bit more concept in general. What was after this and why yeah that's why we solve it basically. 
Charlotte Moreau: And if you had to explain to me like what is the let's say. Vision or the strategy like product wise for your company in the next year? Like what would you say? Yes? 
Me: I left riverside a year ago but I can tell you what was happening. 
Charlotte Moreau: Okay sorry. 
Me: Yeah, no I had been in a sabbatical. So basically the whole idea of riverside is we started that as a recording tool. Okay and then we added another piece what was post production. But the whole idea of is getting the whole creative process of video content creation basically from the planning. Okay so far before when you start thinking your idea. Okay, so we are going to create all the tools that allow you to make the ideas, gather information and then to organize. Okay you know you want to do a podcast. Okay so you can schedule this and you can all send invitations and have everything organized in your calendar and have all organized there to the recording itself when you sit with the people, you do it and you have the best experience that you can in that moment. 
Them: Yes. 
Me: And then of course. Two parts. Okay. So you have one pad that is basically the content production and the social media creation will have to create. So the idea is do it end to end to the point you can actually from riverside publish your podcast or your postcard in all the platforms that exist. And then after that you create your content to make it to market it basically. So you blog post your reels for Instagram, TikTok etc. So the idea is from idea to distribution to marketing to own the whole creating pipeline of content creator. That was the goal for reverse still is. By the way. 
Charlotte Moreau: So that's the kind of like goal on where the direction was going and on your product what was the let's say. Key. Challenges or this like let's say more tactical strategic changes that you. Would. Be pushing when you left. So it's. Fine. 
Me: So what I was working basically when I left the company. 
Charlotte Moreau: Yes. 
Me: So my teams. 
Charlotte Moreau: What you are working but I'm more looking for the kind of like high level view not necessarily like the feature but high level view and how does it fit in the overall like product strate. 
Me: Yeah so my part was dashboard was one of the parts. Okay, so entire assets organization and then the publishing. The part that publishing two different platforms. I was a new team created under mine. And then of course we had another team that was very strategic but it wasn't part of this thing but it was business team. So we will make a specific features for business high enterprise users basically. But yeah, so my part was assets. 
Charlotte Moreau: Gy? 
Me: And product then organization of the recordings and the whole dashboard. And also the publishing two different parts. On top of that I was also the manager of the platform team which is. Backend and technical. Things. In less product oriented but still very product oriented like latency reliability those kind of things basically. Yeah. 
Them: Can you. 
Charlotte Bourcier: Show some like an example a story about or you under like maybe conflicts. In your team maybe between engineering managers or between EMs and PM, I don't know. Like. A positive solution. 
Me: If I had to think a moment in conflict between. PMs and EMs. The first thing that comes to my mind is basically when we try to introduce agile and a more strict. Way of creating tickets, acceptance criteria and all these kind of things. I think it was a moment where we felt that there was a bit of friction, let's call. Because my idea and I was very. Into pushing for this just because I saw a lot of problems happening a lot of the time which would be. We will realize very far ahead a lot of issues in the product and things that we didn't think beforehand. And we'll have to reiterate a lot and have a lot of discussions again and again and again because we miss things in the initial functional description or in the design. That happens also for the designers, right? We were missing functional parts of it. So we'll have an entire part of something or things like that. And it was perceived by the PMs like an extra load on them to create all these very detailed kind of tickets and information. And to be honest one of my teams, also the engineer manager didn't want to do this because he also thought there was a lot of extra work and ceremonies and meetings and things like that. My approach was. Basically showing what we weren't doing well because I didn't made up all these problems. These were things that came from already perspectives that these things were coming from complaints from designers or engineers that we did this or we had to rebuild these three times and things like that. And so the engineer managers and the PN saw this as a burden. And I went there trying to show them that we already were in that burden because we were doing a lot of meetings afterwards really having to redo and rethink a lot of things. But I think what make the thing better. Luckily was when chat GPT was around so that helped me to make them understand that chat GPT could create from a voice like a good kind of description but they needed to really look at it because we started also having that and review it well. But also it's not only a task from the PM, this is also a task from the engineer manager is a joint thing that they do building these tickets and making it well and having something that has value. Long time is something that you do as a team not as a one man person. And the other thing is I took it for like you cannot I went to this person that was very, very upset about this as a look. So I'm not telling you like this is perfect because we need to try. But at least give me the chance. Let's just try it out. We have two three sprints ahead. Let's give it at least two sprints on trying this out. And then we come back and we circle back what did work, what didn't work. But that's not just out of the blue just rejected because you think of it. I'm betting that this is going to be better for you in the midterm. And you're telling me that it's not. But we have only one way to figure it out, which is we still do what we do right now and we keep complaining of the problems we have or we just give it a try and see how it goes. I can help you out. We of course we need to define a lot of things before starting. But let's try to do it and let's see how it goes. And I remember having this very heated conversation with him. He was very against it. I was surprised honestly. But I went to present this. It got me completely by surprise. But I think that approach, I mean he couldn't say otherwise. We had a good relationship of course and it was still a good friend of mine. But I think he said okay let's try give it a try but I don't think blah blah blah. So I had to be honest I was a bit more closer to him during this process than the other teams. But yeah, we try it. It. Worked pretty well. It wasn't perfect. Of course we had we had some issues. Some of the things that he said that could happen actually happened. For example he was saying if I had to say everything exactly engineers won't give me back. They're going to do exactly what he said there and going to think enough on that subject. And he was right. That happened a bit. But we will try to fix that in the in the refinement. Okay, we try to involve more people there so people try to really think and commit and add value to these tasks. And at the end I have to say he was pretty pleased about it. And it really sold many of our problems. Introduced a smaller ones. But of course this was in my point of view a better way to work together. That's for sure. So yeah that's how I handle it in particular. And I think it was the only time we really had a friction there in this past three years that we were working together. 
Charlotte Moreau: And in this case it's like the friction was with you but do you also have examples of friction within your team where it was not like maybe it was up to them to intervene and how did you coach people to handle those conflicts? 
Me: So this happened a lot with my engineer managers. Okay. Yeah my engineer managers. Would. Normally come with their issues and how they would handle certain situations. Sometimes performance issues sometimes simply. Bad behavior things like that. I don't know one story in particular basically we had a QA engineer. I remember that we were, we hired. A very bad way of communicating with the team basically the communication was very rough. It would go very defensive. To the point it was offensive some people. So the team started to complain about this person. So yeah basically I didn't intervene myself because that was it wasn't my team. Of course I gathered a QA team lead and the engineer manager and we talked together about it. I think the thing here was we were pretty clear about what a good communication should be and a bad communication is. And we talk about it in one retrospective by the way openly to everyone. Without blaming, without doing anything. But we went directly to talk to this person and say hey this thing that was my deal. Just go directly show what what you mean and let's try to give a warning that this is not the way that we work and we don't want people to be offended by it. But I don't know exactly what you were looking for but I feel we have other situations similar situations. Yeah I think it's always the same. You need to be transparent communicate make sure that the rules apply for everyone. And you understand also that. There are certain things that cannot be crossed right then you go from there. Basically. 
Them: And I'm curious to understand it's also a little bit different but how do you. 
Charlotte Moreau: Make sure or like. Yes how do you make sure that like engineers in the team are like fully on board with the let's say product vision and direction. Is this something that you. Worked on maybe with your product counterpart or if you have examples. 
Me: It is something that you want in your team right you want the team to be involved with the thing in Riverside that we try to do is every single meeting was recorded and done in Riverside just because it was just doc how is it in english duck feeling. Sorry? 
Them: Of dog food. 
Charlotte Moreau: Ing. 
Me: Dogs fooding yeah duck fooding that was the first part that you want to do and the other thing that we again we go back and we would really try to do as a company was to have a lot of visibility of the user feedback. In different channels or handsome meeting and the struggles. We would also talk about our competitors how we were doing good things, bad things. But yeah you want them to be involved in a way that they use themself and they try to. Put the shoes of a user. And how we did most of them is okay dog feeding a lot. We usually made, we had a lot of features, AI features for our meetings. We use it for our meetings and things like that. Which could be sometimes not the best because you are using the product in a way that is. Not strictly intended to. So you tend to have a bit of a bias of how things should be organized for example in the layout because you want all your meetings in a way but maybe a real podcast doesn't work that way. But yeah we were a lot on again data and having a lot of BI events and seeing like part of our rollout process was also showing to the team what were the metrics and how users were using it. And sometimes we will have some of the conversations with the users and show it to the team and these kind of things. And the company was very product oriented in that sense. We have a channel where we would put the good and the bad things that people would say about the struggles with the product. Back in the day we were six engineers support tickets in order to hand to hand with them. But yeah really. I think but yeah also that SLAs hardening love SLAs with teams complaints prioritizing inside the team make them understand what was a priority for the teams and what is an urgency for them was also putting them in a way what is the important thing for the user. In this specific workflow. 
Them: Charlotte to you. 
Charlotte Moreau: I think it's good for me like. You have a little question yes maybe on my side maybe the last thing is can you tell us about what was the most impactful features or feature or project maybe on the end user on what was this impact. 
Me: On the end user. Wow it's difficult to choose one. Okay I'm going to choose one that was a lot of hype about it I believe and it took us time to get there actually. Which was magic lips I would say. Magic lips was the the second feature we did with llms basically. So there was a lot of hype of adding AI to the product the first time. We're talking about like GPT-3, so era so things were rough at the beginning. And the impact I think was huge. Why I'm seeing this because it saved a lot of time to many many people. And not only it allowed to a lot of people that weren't doing this type of content to be able to have it and start promoting it a lot. And it was huge. I remember they used like the usage was like a lot and we got a lot of feedback because of course we put there if you put the thumbs down you will get something to tell us what is going on there. And it was a lot of plan building that because we were of course finally playing with AI. And the other thing that was very fun, I think it was one of the first times that I saw a bit more like the project managers and engineers. Like the line was blurry. Why? Because we work a lot in having these iterations about the prompt and product managers were very involved on this. Actually they will create their own iterations and test it and we would actually create a whole system because we didn't have back then all these AI online studios. You only have chat GPT right. So they would test it there and then we will get different results from the API. So we created something for them to try it with real transcriptions for users and we will have these where look I did this and it's better than that but not there could you take a look at it and we will like iterate and we create different versions. So we created different feature flags with different prompts and we will it will basically test it out in the wild to see how they perform against the normal version against two versions that we were testing. And it was a lot of fun. It was a lot of fun and it was huge because before that we did show notes which yes it was but it wasn't as fancy. This thing allowed you to create content for TikTok and Instagram and just click three clicks and you will get it after I think it was it felt really magical at the time and people were super, super, super. Hype about it. And it was very like this. So again at the beginning was a bit rough. We measured success about how much how much they were exported or published. Basically. And at the beginning I don't remember the numbers now to be honest but it was quite bad that it would got better and better to a point that then we use it that data to create our own fine tuned model with the success rate. Okay. To all the exports and all the things. And of course we did a lot of iterations. Then they could modify it and focus more on one thing or on the other thing and things like that. So yeah I think that was a big one for the user. Definitely. 
Charlotte Moreau: And I think you mentioned that this year you've been exploring a lot with with AI or building like products with AI if I'm not mistaken. 
Me: Yes. 
Charlotte Moreau: So can you tell us just a bit more about this? 
Me: Basically. I went fully into AI. I actually finished and published three different products that you can go and I'm going to send you. 
Them: Can we. 
Me: Don't judge me by the design. Okay. Okay this is a markup. Do you know whisper flow? In the application? So this one. So this is an application that is a clone from whisper flow. Whisper from is a transcription tool that you will talk about it and will transcribe what you said and it will add with an llm because it will perfect your grammar and correct some things and if you say one thing and then another we will correct it and things like that. And I started using it a lot for prompting and then they wanted to charge me 12 bucks a month and I didn't want to. So I created my local version. So this runs with AI locally and runs in your computer locally and it does basically what whisperflow does but all local. You can use it without internet without any issue. So yeah that's there. 
Them: B question on that is. What did what were. Your. 
Charlotte Moreau: Your learnings on how does it change or not to build product. Like building yourself with AI? Like what. Learning do you draw that you would apply or not in bigger companies? 
Me: So I focus a lot on. My workflow as an engineer. How it changed for me writing manually my code or reviewing it with AI to fully making it. How is it to do it in a big company there is a huge kind of difference just because. Maybe you're looking for an answer for more a product point of view and I'm giving you and I'm giving you an engineer one. So I think there is different because here I did things that I haven't done in a while. Okay. So I did my own product. With my startup a long time ago. Okay. So things have changed a lot since then. What I saw is for me that I suck at designing and doing this kind of things. I saw a lot of tools that I can use and abuse sometime for creating experiences. The thing is what I see there is everything looks the same with AI. Like it's honestly you can tell you can really tell when something was byte coded even by design like I use a lot how it's called the one from Google that you can do now that yeah it's Gemini in the back but you can create interfaces. Sorry interrupted you. 
Charlotte Moreau: I think stitch. 
Me: Stitch yes that one. Yeah yeah I use it a lot that one because it was the only one that gave me like a different feeling but again you can tell and I think that's something that still is not yet there for a big company. Yeah it can accelerate can help you to have an MVP there. But then you need a lot of tweaking a lot of manual especially in the product where things are how they behave. Even if you tried I really try to make it use it you know with a mockup it was harder to be honest to test that but with the other web things that I did you try to give the model a browser and use it but still it's not there. You need to fine tune. I could do things because it was my small thing that no one is going to buy ever in a big company I think you need to be very careful of the experience and what you ship. And as the same as code this thing needs to be reviewed. It needs to be reviewed and very you need to very deeply look what it's doing and understanding what is going on there. And sometimes as a product I felt like they did a prompt and did completely different from what I have in my head. To be honest. And that it was a lot of back and forth in failing and going and changing things manually from my end. And I think that's a process I can spare because I don't have deadlines. I don't have something like that but it needs to be structured the other way around if you're in a big company. In my way you need to be very clear what you want to do. You need to go from your idea to what you want to build in blocks rather than okay build me this screen or do me this experience because it's not really how you get a good result in my opinion. And I did the other two but one is a WhatsApp AI agent and the other one is for very specific thing on buying and selling houses in Argentina. Not very. 
Them: From our side. But. 
Charlotte Moreau: Okay I think we have like 10 minutes left do you have any question for us? 
Me: Yeah actually this is in reverse I did a lot of interviews and I never. Have product involved in engineering thing. In an engineering hiring. And to be honest it makes a lot of sense. I was saying to my wife the other day I think this is a really nice because we're going to work together a lot and it makes sense that to be part we actually asked the other way around when they were hiring a new product manager for one of my teams because one left. We really ask okay at some point put us there in the conversation. We can be silent you know if you want but we want to be there. We want to know this person that we're going to work every single day and plan and do things. Sadly that never happened. But yeah I'm trying to understand. I know for what I had talked with different people that you are very product oriented user focused kind of company. You say it all over the place. Like you have accountants there that help you and do that. But again how is this how you guys work in this with engineer managers in this? Because if I understand you also every six week reevaluate right what you do that's how you work. Maybe you can tell maybe that this process. 
Charlotte Moreau: So regarding the so I think it's interesting like in the interview a couple of times you mentioned like or maybe that's how I interpreted it I don't know if it's completely true or not but that it was kind of like a little bit design and product on one side and engineering on one side. I think on our side we try to have something which is really a team. I do feel that most people. Feel more belonging in their team. I mean they feel like an engineer or product manager but they feel like they belong to the same team and not trying to reach the same goal. I think this is quite important for us at every level. So at squad level but also in the leadership team. I think the way we that's also why I asked question and follow a question about like division etc. I think on my side we do try to communicate kind of like constantly on why we do think and what's the vision and what the strategy and engineers or like at least EMs and senior EMs are part of this conversation and we expect them. To be part of this conversation not just. With an engineer angle but also with a product angle. And I think that's important the same way we expect I think designers to be part of this conversation not just with like of course they have their own angle. But people also of the strategy and not like separated too much. So I think that's quite important for us. And regarding the cycles. So we do not have a sprint, we have cycles for like most of the team it changed during the year but now I think like the vast majority of teams have shape up. So we have cycles. So it's every six weeks where we try to have. A, basically you have like an appetite and you select a few projects and that's what you're going to do for the next six weeks. We still have like kind of like longer term strategy. So it's more going to be let's say six to six months to one year like strategy that we agreed on that we discussed that we present to all teams and that's really on, I would say. Like track groups quite. Like everyone has kind of like their own. Like they take the bigger picture and they kind of like scope it for their team. Let's say. So we have this longer term view and then every six weeks it's more like prioritization of like features and project. S. And I think this happens at squad level. I think PMs, EMs and the designers, they work on those cycle together. It's quite rare that they are not aligned on what they did, but also because they share a lot of things between themselves and that's quite important in orchestra. I don't know if Charlotte, you want to add anything else? Like to give you more context about our culture is very true that engineers like participate also in talking with clients or like interacting with customer support. 
Charlotte Bourcier: Which I think is key to build empathy and understand like why they are bringing things that way. So that's something that is highly encouraged by senior yams and engineering managers. Yeah, that's key like mentioning like the tenant that you have earlier like about aligning on the longer term and understanding like the user like. Needs. So yeah definitely like a strong collaboration at every stage. That. S quite open and. Nice. And there's one thing that you mentioned that was like part of your debate or like he did conversation with the person in your team regarding anything like tickets etc on our site. It's actually the engineers that create the ticket. 
Charlotte Moreau: And I think the main reason is because we do this like during the like tech exploration refinement and we do what indeed people to like think about the solution. And to. Also shape it a little bit on their side and to challenge it. So I think what we expect from the. PMs and designer is of course to do to build. The solution to do and of course like deep dive on the edge case challenge it with the tech team etc. But what they end off generally is like specs on modern real like very detailed. Figma or stuff like that and then it's like breaking down by engine. Ers. 
Me: Yeah okay. And yeah you cut that right like we were kind of separated. We always talk about having these pmtm I'll call it like product manager team kind of group but that only happened at the lowest level. Then the organization was kind of. Separated. You know what I mean? So at the team level they work well together but then some things were bigger than this team or the other team. And that's where we had a lot of noise and confusion. Sometimes they will have a different structure than we, for example I was a group lead for a long time and. There wasn't a similar thing and product for a while. Things like that happen a lot. But yeah you cut it quite right. That was the situation. And in our case basically how we would write them was the PM. We write them with the team lead there. They would like but it would be that piano doing it basically. But yeah. It's pretty much the same. 
Them: Okay. 
Me: Thank you very much. 
Them: One last question on your side. We have two more minutes. 
Me: Two minutes now it's fine. It's fine. I think I got thank you very much for your time. And it's a pleasure. 
Charlotte Moreau: Thank you. 
Them: Sebastian. 
Me: Bye bye. 