Meeting Title: Sebastian / Thomas - Débrief Call
Date: Jul 23
Meeting participants: Greco Sebastian, Thomas G.

Transcript:
Me: Hello, how are you?
Thomas Guillet: Good. And you?
Me: Doing? Good.
Thomas Guillet: Great. Thanks for taking a few minutes. Of your time. So how was the discussion you had with Charlotte on Charlotte? Basically.
Me: It was a really interesting conversation. To be honest. I felt a bit sometimes I didn't get exactly what they were looking for. Maybe my answers weren't matching what they were looking or what they were after. I think I didn't understand it well. But other than that, I think it did gave me a way better idea how Pennylane works with the product. And it's different from what I've been used to, like honestly. But for the better, I believe hopefully they understood that. But I think I failed to say that. Riverside was far from perfect. So I don't know.
Thomas Guillet: Yes, quite aligned with them, to be honest. So it will be more negative feedback or I mean they would see you more as a stronger fit for a near position than the scenario.
Me: How was it?
Thomas Guillet: I mean from yesterday discussions they felt if we start with a positive quite a good energy. Good dynamism a strong scale up experience. They definitely think that you are solidian profile with a good hands-on experience in delivery but also team coordination cross-team dependencies. You had also some interesting examples to share of how you can handle conflicts and misalignment. And you know on your AI experience is definitely. An asset for us. So lots of positive on such area they felt also good. Team leadership skills conflict management and. A good proven experience as a growth team also showing a pragmatic approach to compromise. And so on. So lots of positive but yes unfortunately it will be more no go because on the communication side maybe you lacked a little bit of structure they would have expected maybe sometimes more. Straightforward answers more clarity maybe you talk a little bit too much sometimes about process details making up for them to follow and hold attention. Yes, they would have expected you maybe to better articulate clearly and concisely your company product strategy. And as you said on the product side. Maybe a setup which is a little bit. Far from what we have at Penny in the sense that they felt that your product through your experience was more maybe as PR rational than proven in practice. The effect that maybe your previous experience working with product was more silent that we have at Penny. Lane with engineering and product operating as separate teams raised than one integrate. Product team. And they would have expected maybe more examples showing that you are involved clearly enough into a product vision strategy discussions. And yes and they didn't felt really that yesterday also in terms of leadership skills and influence. This is why. You will not meet the bar in their opinion for what we are looking for for senior. But you could be a good fit for an EM but. More up to you and we don't have also the same sort of expectations but this is a feedback. Basically.
Me: Okay. Okay, that's amazing. And honestly, the fact that you take the time just to give me this feedback, I really appreciate it. It's not the norm. So hats off to you, honestly, very well. And yeah, okay. Thank you. Thank you very much for the opportunity for the good talks. So yeah, that's great.
Thomas Guillet: That you don't know you will not be interested for an EM role. Not so. Much.
Me: Yeah, for me already the salary expectation for this was kind of a stretch.
Thomas Guillet: Yes I understand.
Me: I already, I also do believe that I do have the experience for doing senior and it is true that I didn't show that enough. So I completely agree with their criticism there because I think it's on point on many things. But no, not really. As I told you, I'm probably waiting for some answers on other positions. But again, thank you for the opportunity and also for the second opportunity of EMRO as well.
Thomas Guillet: Y'all welcome Sebastian I mean I personally a good fit with you. I think Charlotte and Charlotte anyway to Guillaume Francois you made definitely a really strong fit. So let's definitely stay in touch on wishing you the best. For yourself processes you have. And thanks for the time you spent with us. Through those discussions.
Me: Okay, good. Thank you very much and have a good one. Bye bye.
Thomas Guillet: Now. Welcome. See you Sebastian.
