Meeting Title: Sebastian Greco and Thomas Guillet
Date: Jul 6
Meeting participants: Greco Sebastian, Thomas G.

Transcript:
 Thomas Guillet: Hello, Sebast. Ian.  
Me: Hello, how are you?  Thomas Guillet: Good, good, good. Nice to meet you.  
Me: Nice to meet you too.  Thomas Guillet: So out of curiosity, Pennylane, have you heard about us before? Did you have the time to do some research about us or do you want me to re-give you a quick intro? Up to you.  
Me: I did my research. I always do. I never had about the company. I applied for the job basically.  Thomas Guillet: Great. Occurs to have a little intro about you then on what your current situation. At the moment. You can go ahead if you want.  
Me: Yeah, for sure. Okay, so I'm Sebastian. I'm Argentinian actually. I have been living in Italy for the past 10 years now. I'm an engineer leader basically and my last position was in Riverside and scale up based in Tel Aviv. Currently. I'm sabbatical. It took a sabbatical. I end up working in Riverside in August 2025. So it's soon to be one year sabbatical. So I started looking for a new adventure a year ago. If you want, I can give you a bit more of my background in general, but that's the TLDR let's say.  Thomas Guillet: Yes. I will have a few follow-up question for sure. So speaking about your past position, so you have been mainly. Senior. Does it mean manager of managers recently?  
Me: So I started as full stack developer. We were six developers back then. Then I become an engineer manager. I had my own team and then I got promoted to, we call it group lead back in Riverside. So I had four different teams. Two, I created my own. Like it was a company decision and a strategy. We created two top engineers from the team I had and I coached them to become engineers themselves. And then I got another. So I got the growth team that was in my team back then. Then the platform team was my original team and then there are two more the publishing team and the business team. So four plus the QA lead that I was. So I had five different five direct reports which were team leads.  Thomas Guillet: Okay.  
Me: Yeah.  Thomas Guillet: Which were managing. So individual contributors. I guess.  
Me: Exactly. They were managing. So in total the group was 27 persons on the top.  Thomas Guillet: Okay.  
Me: But yeah. That was how we said.  Thomas Guillet: Okay. So speaking about your people management experience. How have you been managing teams in terms of people management philosophy rituals, best practices and so. On.  
Me: Sorry you say best practices.  Thomas Guillet: Yes. What was generally your people management philosophy or people management style most of the time?  
Me: And. So I have a very straightforward like I think I like to lead by example. So that's why I preach and I try to do. So I do and a lot of things and I expect the same kind of things from from my teams ownership and respect for each other good communication being responsible for what you do. And yeah, of course when you're an engineer manager example means one thing when you become a manager with manager example means another thing okay because of course the people you are managing has different different tasks different responsibilities. So it also changes how you approach them and how you do it. I guess generally transparency a good communication and having candid, very straightforward feedback with people. I think that's my goal.  Thomas Guillet: Great. And speaking about your past position. So was it purely an end-off position or were you keeping an individual contribution? I'm guessing that it was mainly ends of. Position. What you have recently.  
Me: Actually at the end started changing. Yes when I became a group, it was very hard for me to touch code. I always remain very like central for me was being in the architectural design reviews, approval signing off the architectural decisions. But code I stop. Basically I couldn't I didn't have the time there was so too many meetings decisions processes hiring. There was a lot of hiring in Riverside. But at the end with the I started to have time to go back a bit from with code because those hour and a half that I had between between a meeting another was enough to take a ticket something from support and I like to be hands on. As much as it can. And if it also serves the purpose that I'm trying to do right but yeah.  Thomas Guillet: And to follow up, you spoke about speaking more and more about. What's your level of experience using any AI tools and do you have maybe some stuff to share regarding, you know, impactful project for which AI recently help you to have an impact on the business? I don't know if you have some stories to share around. AI.  
Me: When I left it was August 2025. So if you compare how you work today and how you work in August 2025 there is a big difference sounds crazy but it is so when I left my whole group was using first we used copilot then we moved to cursor and we already have by for a while AI code reviews called rabbit I don't know if you know it's a tool for doing code reviews automatically on the pull request. That was my experience in the whole group and kind of organization. Then during my sabbatical oh my gosh I did so much fun things and I experienced with almost every tool that is out there. I built actually three products myself during this time and yeah to try a bit everything that codecs cloud open code which is my main driver today using technology rug local models. I did a lot of fun. I think it was a time for me to connect back with the technology which is something I always will love. But yeah, I don't know if you have any particular question about it.  Thomas Guillet: No, it was more like a general question in my side.  
Me: What's the process? Okay okay now yeah just I'm fully diving in it and in riverside we did a lot of features with AI features that using llms. We had an own team of machine learning. So in fact we did some with llms and then the internal teams trained models and we did it locally. They did it. I didn't. But yeah a lot of experience with it like yeah I think it's central to the yeah with the tools and also implementing features and things like that.  Thomas Guillet: And in terms of collaboration with product. Design stakeholders, for example, what has been, generally speaking. The level of collaboration you have had with product counterpart. S.  
Me: We use it to have the pmtl terminology which is what we call the group like product manager and template pmtl for me is one is one unit they need to work very closely and I work very closely with product along the way like we were very product oriented and data driven by the way. So we had a lot of loops of getting data talking with products sitting all in the same table. I work very close with them. Every team has its own PM. We also started having also group product teams. So I was in several meetings even even when it was a group lead I was part of the entire planning so talking with product and basically in riverside what we had is a product will be the manager of the designers. I don't know how you structure it but yeah of course they were part of our backlog refinements and everything we work together with them.  Thomas Guillet: Okay.  
Me: Yeah. Pretty close.  Thomas Guillet: Great. And going back to your current situation. So you left Riverside to take care of break. So try to over the past year.  
Me: Yes I took after 4.5 years. They just took the time.  Thomas Guillet: Okay. So I'm guessing that you are going back on the market now. What's your current situation at the moment?  
Me: Yeah I started looking like around two months ago started sending applications and talking with recruiters and that's how I found you guys by the way. I'm currently in other two processes.  Thomas Guillet: Okay.  
Me: Quite advanced almost at the end. Actually one is done. I'm just waiting feedback. And yeah a few others that are open but didn't start yet.  Thomas Guillet: So you are still a little bit open. Even you have two advanced process.  
Me: I don't know what's going to happen honestly so I'm just waiting and yeah I still have one more step in the other one but yeah there's slow they take their time.  Thomas Guillet: Okay. Great. So going back to speaking about Pennylane, did you have potentially some questions for me or stuff you wanted to know about us?  
Me: So the company I really understand what you guys do I think I understand I actually advise similar startup in Italy and back in the beginning of the year trying to do something more with the CFO part not so much the accounting and invoicing that I think you are more so I had the opportunity to see a lot of competitors in Italy and also in the states. So I think I understand pretty well what the idea of the market is. You're also selling to accounting firms and studios right so it's a purely B2B business if I understand correctly. Mostly what I wanted to know is how is the team the engineering this role in particular how many teams are going to manage. I read somewhere that you're expanding to Germany. Is it true or not? Like maybe you can tell me a bit of about that.  Thomas Guillet: We indeed expanded the business to Germany last year. So we will accelerate this year along. So yes, for now, Pennylane operates in France and Germany. Historically, it has been, you know, mainly the French market. We have been created six years ago in France. And all you have already more than 1 million companies in France which are using the product.  
Me: Oh. Wow.  Thomas Guillet: So we have had quite a huge growth. Pennylane is one of the latest unicorn 4 billion valuations. So it's quite crazy. The growth we have and we will probably open new markets after Germany. So speaking about this whole in particular, I would say that we were still in an hyper growth scale and phase. So we are hiring continuously new people. So I can't give you at this stage of the precise scope. But I know that the senior role is basically a manager of managers position. You, you can be expected to manage maybe four to five direct reports managing, you know, themselves individual contributors. So you will be overseeing maybe four to five squats in a dedicated business track. I know that we have a few openings at the moment for our platform, for our business insights team and so on. But let's see how it goes. So it's a purely hands off position. You will be able to collaborate with the head of product and senior design manager, as well as taking initiatives outside of your, of your scope on a day to day. So, yes, we, we are basically opening a new position to follow the scale and the hyper growth of the company. I mean, as long as we continue to, to hire lots of new IC, we, we need to stuff the, the man. Yeah.  
Me: We need to expand also the managing layer in reverse it was always the same like we had opening like positions that were open like just we kept.  Thomas Guillet: Yes. Definitely. So at the moment, we have more than 40 squads. We will reach up to 60 squads by the end of the year and Pennylane tech team is composed of 400 people at the moment. So it's quite. Huge.  
Me: Wow. Kud. Os.  Thomas Guillet: So.  
Me: Okay.  Thomas Guillet: Rry. To go.  
Me: A lot of like hiring at this rate is not easy like you said from 40 to 60 crap.  Thomas Guillet: Yeah, yeah.  
Me: That's oh my okay.  Thomas Guillet: Yes. Quite a lot, but it's going well.  
Me: Yeah yeah nice nice okay and what about the compensation I didn't found it in the thing what is the range there you're managing for like your. Pointing.  Thomas Guillet: I open if I have shared with you through mail.  
Me: No.  Thomas Guillet: So when should we usually propose? No.  
Me: I. Don't make did I miss it? Oh.  Thomas Guillet: Yes. Yes. Because you say the 110 to 106. I don't know. It's good. Generally speaking, I, I do it. But yes, normally I have shared with you the.  
Me: Yeah 100 110 you did you did sorry my bad.  Thomas Guillet: Jet. Yes.  
Me: Yes 100 110.  Thomas Guillet: Let's see if I know that for Italy we are not maybe the most competitive compared to the countries.  
Me: I had never worked in Italy like in 10 years that I'm here never worked I don't even know how much they yes.  Thomas Guillet: But normally, yes, we. Okay. But we. Okay. But yes, we, we generally have budget between 100 to 100k. 10K. We are adding stock option and so on. So I don't really know if it can fit or not your expectations.  
Me: I think it it is there but again I'm looking also to something interesting like something growing. Like. And also looking at the position not only that of course I wasn't around 120 back then but it was Tel Aviv Israel is another market it's a completely different. Thing so this is still between my range so it's fine I remember now what I saw it like it was just it's fine sorry okay no I think I don't have more questions that's all.  Thomas Guillet: So maybe a last one for me. So you are still based in Italy. Is that. Right?  
Me: Yes I am Milan like up north 20 kilometers from milan up north. Yes.  Thomas Guillet: Just for you to know we don't have any legal entity in Italy at the moment, but we use too high a full remotely across Europe. It means that, for example, in Italy we are working with the local provider. Called the deal.com.  
Me: I know we used to the same and reverse side yeah.  Thomas Guillet: Okay. And generally people in Italy are employed as an employer of record. S. So not B2B or type of contract. So an equivalent of a full time. Employment contract. But just for you to know.  
Me: You get the. Yeah no no if it's there I know it because we hire also here in Italy with riverside I know the deal.  Thomas Guillet: Okay.  
Me: Yeah I know the deal about deal yeah.  Thomas Guillet: Okay. Great. So, I mean, all good to me for the intro. Do you want to add any, any other questions or subject?  
Me: No I think that's it's a pleasure to meet you and thank you for your time.  Thomas Guillet: You're welcome, Sebastian. I'm going to follow up maybe Russia with you our candidates book by tomorrow.  
Me: Okay.  Thomas Guillet: And I'll keep your posts for the next age. But generally you can expect to have. A formal stages after me. So there is a longer introduction with someone from the tech top leadership. Then you have a kind of system in design interview.  
Me: Yeah.  Thomas Guillet: With two people from. The two people from the tech team. Then you will have a product discussion with a lot of products slash senior design manager. So your potential. Counterpart tomorrow is in the. Trio. And then just a final culture discussion with two other people from the tech leadership. So, yes, more people management oriented discussion to, to finish.  
Me: Thank you very much.  Thomas Guillet: You're welcome. Have a good beginning of your week and I'll keep you. Posted.  
Me: Same same bye bye.  Thomas Guillet: Bye.
