Meeting Title: Invitation: Senior Engineering Manager at Pennylane
Date: Jul 16
Meeting participants: Greco Sebastian

Transcript:
Me: To be honest, so. Yeah.
Guillaume Terral: All right. Nice. Okay, so I think we can move to the second step of the discussion, which is. So the system design and case. So what.
Me: I'm probably going to be taking some notes. So if you see me looking, that's me just paying attention just for you to know.
Guillaume Terral: I would say for now, I advise you to, I mean, you can take some of Sebastian, but basically I will try to explain to you the problem. Then I'm going to share whiteboard with you and you will see written explanation. Usually I don't share them at the same time because otherwise you don't really listen to me. So what I'm saying. And then you will have written restrict.
Me: Okay. Get distracted. Okay, okay. Okay, if you already gonna give me some notes and then I'll be more focused.
Guillaume Terral: Ion. Yeah, I'm just going.
Me: Yeah. Amazing.
Guillaume Terral: To. Paraphrase what's written basically, but explain you.
Me: Yeah. Okay, good.
Guillaume Terral: And then after it's again an open discussion, we're going to give you a whiteboard. The whiteboard is mainly here to support our conversation. We don't care to use a square or a rectangle or circle or whatever. It's really a support for the discussion and making sure we align on what we try to design and what problem we're trying to solve. Okay.
Me: Amazing.
Guillaume Terral: And again, it's a discussion. So here with Francois, in case you have question additional question after. The case. Okay. All right. So as you know, pin lane is an accounting platform that is used both by accountants and business owners. In order to boost the productivity. The value we try to sell, right? I mean, there's a lot of value added using penny. Lane. One of those value is we try to automate workflow as much as we can. There is one job. That is done by accountants and business owners. Both of them can do it, which is a bit chronofage, I would say, which is always the same. Is what we call matching or grouping. Is the sense that. Accountants and business ruler have access to a list of invoice. They also have access to the list of transactions. And you need to say this invoice has been paid by this transaction. Or this transaction correspond to this inv. Oice. Okay. Once this operation is done, our system can update some status, can generate some. I would say accounting entries that then generator contain reports, all those kind of stuff. So it's really one of the main important job to be done within penny lane. And so we like to automate it. We would like to automate it in two ways. The first one is when a user. Look at a specific invoice. Or look at a specific transaction. We would like to offer them a list. Of potential of relevant matching suggest. Ion in the sense that you look at invoice a, then the system should be tell you, oh, maybe transaction one, transaction five and transaction six might be relevant match for your invoice. A. You know, we don't suggest transactions that don't make sense, which is the one that. For some reason are relevant in that context. So this is to handle, you know, one specific invoice or one simple transaction. But in order to be more efficient. While people also. List like index all their invoice or transaction on the list page, basically on the list view. They should be able to filter the list. To only show. Invoice from transaction. For which we have matching suggestion available. So there is a concept of first having suggestion. Maybe the system don't have suggestion for you, in which case you need to go through the whole list and do. The match yourself. Or maybe the system computed some relevant matrix. We would like to display them. And on the list of invoicing transaction, you should be able to filter only the one for which the system compute configuration. Okay. So basically in this business case, We are interested in designing the system. That satisfy both workflow. So again, the first workflow, you look at a specific invoice. And a transaction and you have a list of relevant match reg. Ion. And the second workflow. When you browse all invoice and transaction. You should build fil. Ter. To see only the one with matching suggest. Ion. We would like to design a system that satisfy both of these conditions while scaling to hundreds of thousands of customers. Including bigger clients. That have thousands of invoice and transactions. One thing that we don't want to do. Because it's not really interesting for us is determining what a good matching algorithm is, you know. So us debating on why for this specific invoice, which would suggest these specific transactions, we don't really care. We just assume that there is a system. So I can tell you if both of them are related or not. We can discuss very quickly recommendation and stuff like this, but it's not the point of the single. Site. So is that here? I'm just going to share the scale whiteboard with you.
Me: Yeah. Okay.
Guillaume Terral: And then we usually ask you if you can share your screen so we can see your mouse because again, it's. Going to improve. Your work. Conversation to be able to see your mouse.
Me: Yeah, sure.
Guillaume Terral: So just tell me if you can access it.
Me: I'm there already.
Guillaume Terral: Perfect.
Me: Okay.
Guillaume Terral: And so you can take the time to reread the case if you want.
Me: Maybe first I want to ask some questions. Okay. So we're trying to do a high level design, I assume. That's why you're not going to the heuristics of the matching. We want to see how we are organize this. So I have first two questions. Are we assuming these transactions are already there? Are created in, these are probably bank transactions or ingesting somehow. So ingestion of third parties could be in several ways, right? It could be web cook ways. Could be that you have a pulling system for it. Thinking on sepa, like open banking. Maybe you connect to open banking and you retrieve things. I don't even work with that. I just did the project once and I remember something about it. The other question is the same for invoicing. If I'm not mistaken, you are also doing electronic invoicing. So you, I guess you can have both ingestion and also creation from the platform. That's a good assumption. Okay. Should I also design how these are going to be ingested from the third parties or I'm going to assume that. Just I get a, I don't know, an event.
Guillaume Terral: I think both questions are relevant. I think we're going to. Maybe, you know, not spend the full 45 minutes on this, but we can take some notes on the whiteboard of how do you ingest. Invoice and bank transaction? And does those ingestion play a role in the overall system or not? And stuff like this?
Me: Yeah, because also.
François Pradel: I think that's an excellent starting point. For sure. So I would actually encourage you to start with that. And I think that's going to really help the conversation.
Me: Okay. I'm familiar with this. You can like follow me and I don't know if you're doing it already. Okay.
François Pradel: Yeah, you're sharing your screen, so.
Me: Yeah, are you using that? Okay. Okay. That's fine. Okay.
François Pradel: We're. Good.
Me: Let me get just a quick read. So I'm not lost on anything. Okay. Yeah, I think I got it. Yeah, that's pretty much what I got. Okay, so I'm assuming this is an open conversation. So please stop me if I'm going in the wrong direction or whatever. I tend to speak quite a lot. So sorry about that. So first thing I'm thinking about this is, okay, we need to do this at some point, right? Then we're going to get where we get information. I ask where this information is coming from just for one reason. In my head, this is something that happens, these heuristics kind of reconciliation or grouping algorithm runs when either of those things get added into the database, either the bank transaction or an invoice is created. That's in my head. Probably you will have to have something that is patch because maybe you imported the entire bank account and then you want to match it and blah, blah, blah. But it's the same, right? Then transaction per transaction, we will have to run this and understand what is going on. Right.
Guillaume Terral: And you, can you maybe explain to why in your head we need to.
Me: And yeah.
Guillaume Terral: Do this operation, you know, when we create them or whatever. I guess you mean we need to store the result. So in this specific time and we need to store the result, you know why we will need to do this. What makes you think.
Me: There are two options, right? Or you do it on the fly when someone opens the detail on the invoice or goes to the thing. But yeah, I don't think that's going to be because maybe thousands, you already need to know where, right? Because might be a transaction is from a month ago, right? So you don't know an invoice can be paid in several. 30, 60, 90 days. So probably doing it on the fly wouldn't be like you had to go to a very big query to do something like that. So doing it incrementally makes more sense in my head. Of course, it's going to be a big, if you're doing backfilling that's a big thing. But that's an entire thing at its own. So yeah, in my head, that's that. And the other, you want, you want a filter, right? So you want to filter if you have a suggestion or not in the list. So you already need to have this in the database somehow. So to know if you have a matching. So a suggestion for matching, right? That's what we say. So both cases to me that this is something that needs to be done in that way. But yeah. Okay, so I'm going to assume. Ingestion we said that it can be both ways. Right? So. Let me see where I start. Let's assume bank transactions are. I'm going to assume that 99% of the women are connected to the bank. No one is like really going and adding manually unless there is some problem. So, and going to start there. Okay. So we said we have two ways. Right? Should I design something that supports like web hooks? Kind of calling or like calling an API for, I guess every provider has something. Different.
Guillaume Terral: So maybe we can. Just. I don't know, quickly put arrows of, you know, ideas you have and then we can determine. If potentially we're going to drop one scenario or maybe we're going to maybe together, we can conclude that. Kind of expect that, you know, huge percentage is coming from this scenario and a smaller percentage from this one. Or stuff like this.
Me: Yeah, I did it. What we want is it doesn't matter, right? That is where we want to land, I believe, but just for the sake of diagrams, I want to just draw some things here and yeah. Let's assume that we have. Let's assume that we have. Some kind of. I don't know how. Hard you want to go on infrastructure, but let's say we have a load balancer that is receiving like web hooks. And then this is going to some kind of service. That is going to have the ingestion kind of. So what we want to do here is we probably don't want to lose. Let me know if I'm spending too much time in something that is not interesting. But what I'm, what we want to probably do is we have some kind of service that is very lightweight so we can convert these synchronous kind of requests that you're getting into something asynchronous. So you have a better than a small isolated, you can consume it and at your own pace and do whatever you need to do. Right. So let's say that this is like. Yes, sorry for the names. We will, we can. Look at those names later on. Right. So this week we say, yeah. Sorry. So let's say I want to put this into some kind of message broker. So I'm going to, I'm familiar with Kafka. So mostly of the things I think is you're stuck too, right? If I'm not mistaken. So let's say we publish here, we have. Difficult. Again. I will review the names later. I need to clear my ideas first. I believe. Okay. So what is going to happen here is basically we're going to create a service that is going to get the payload, is going to save the payload and go into, oh wait. Depends on the pain, how big are the bayloads here. Okay, that's something that to have in mind. If we're talking like. More than one megabyte payloads, we're starting to have some issues. But I don't think web hosts are going to be, I don't know. You tell me if I should design something that supports like bigger than that. Then this shouldn't be the case. We should go another way. Right. But if we have a small payloads with notifications, I don't know account transaction change or something like that that then triggers an API. Maybe that makes more sense. So let's go with this for now. And yeah, so. What I'm saying is we are going to have something that is. Inside this or something like that. That is going to consume these messages. Okay. And depends on what is in the payload. So I'm thinking for now at this. Depending on what is in the payload, we might have to go to actually an external API. Here. Right, to get more data. I'm going to assume this, I'm thinking now that I'm talking always at bank. But yeah, invoices could be the same. Right? So then what I'm thinking is we should be, so we are saving this so we can consume these web hooks and then we can say, okay, maybe I need to save it directly into database. Okay. But here I think we will have to implement some kind of business logic. This is going to be a more heavy work because we need, we probably will have different APIs with different formats. So this is going to be a service that has business logic in it. And let me see what we have here. So let's say we're going to have some database where we are going to. Have something like this, right? Let's say, okay, we have a raw transactions. And what I'm looking here is not to have it exactly how it comes from the, in my, my head. Okay, we're going to try to standardize the different formats that we're going to get and we're going to put it in our own raw database. Here, to be honest, this is a limit I have. I don't know how this third party work. And what happens, for example, when wire transfer is pending booking, there's probably there is a state machine that happens there. We can get to that as well. I'm just saying that I'm not familiar with this kind of. Things, but I assume that we are going to have some different kind of operations. Okay. So, okay, so this interesting service is going to get the external. Notifications that are the web codes are going to get the payload, probably going to go to a third party that's going to say, okay, I'm going to save. I'm guessing this is going to be something like pagination kind of thing. So you get the last 20 transactions, 100 transactions or something like that. And so probably what we want to do is to save this data, right? When to save something to, to save. And this for me is not. Something, or maybe it is, I don't know. But right now it's not the exact same, but you know how on data lakes it works that you have different like, Like bronze and silver and gold. This is the role. Okay. So I will say what. The provider is, it is or the bank name, for example, the account. ID, the account ID of the user most likely, right there. The business, okay, or the accounting for whatever it is. Things like that. And then of course all the data from a transaction, like. Amount. Total balance of the account kind of ledger. I imagine this is similar to a ledger. And then description, blah, blah, blah. Okay. So there are going to be. So the idea is I will try to have something that works for us and then a standardize on different providers. Probably is different formats. For every. One of them. I think this is a big problem, but I'm not treating what your guys are asking me. So I can go here and okay, like pagination and Kafka messages going around and doing saving the course or like, but I think it's way too deep on what we are going.
Guillaume Terral: I think it's too fast. I think now to reframe, I can say.
Me: To.
Guillaume Terral: I still think it's interesting to talk about ingestion. Do you see something different for invoices, for example? And then we can. And then once we enter that, we can go to the next question is like. When do we compute those match execution? Because as you say, this is. A question we would like to answer.
Me: Yeah. Okay. No, so I guess for invoices, it's going to be something similar. I tend to think that this is going to be more internal than external. So we will have to have some like internal service that basically publish here some messages. And then here it should be transparent. They shouldn't care about that. But we have already that. So we don't need to do this part. Okay. But as we said, probably you have integrations with accounting systems and things like that. So it could be also external. But no, I don't see it like a big difference. But yeah, again, this is for me something like we call the raw thing. And what we do is something for both, okay, for invoicing and. Bank transactions, we're going to get this most likely once we successfully save a new transaction, so something change. We are going to send another message. Okay. And. Like updated. I know. Where I'm writing. Okay. Updated. Transaction or transaction updated. It could be right because maybe you are just changing the life cycle of a particular transaction externally. And this is going to go to another topic in my idea where you have. Sections. Something like that. Or. And then you will have some service that actually. Why I'm saying this to be honest. Because I'm thinking that here we're going to specifically try to filter as much as possible. Trying to have identity as much as so if we get several web hooks or several messages or whatever, this is going to be done in a way that you check the data. So you do an update only if it's created ad and then and only then you say, okay, it is a new transaction. I'm going to add it. And here is where there's going to be some kind of service. Grouping service. Let's call it, I don't even know. But it's going to listen to this and it's going to say, okay, we have a new transaction. Some service probably is going to. I'm thinking if this should be seen by the user as it is most likely yes, I believe maybe it is going to see it, okay, because you want to see what the application has been ingesting from your different accounts. Right. So yes. I don't know maybe we'll have another layer where we're going to parse it and transform it into a better thing. But let's just simplify for now and say, okay, the user does see this information. And the thing is you shouldn't share databases and things like that in different services. But okay, I'm going to move on. So the grouping service is going to see a new transaction and it's going to say, okay, there is a new transaction. Let's try to see. And here is where the risk hits, right? And you're going to try to have your invoices that say. This. Invoices. Table. Okay? And this invoice table is going to be here is where it's going to be doing the matching, right? Saying, okay, these are probably, maybe we can design the database a bit how this is going to be, if you agree. Because I don't have it very well.
François Pradel: I think it's a good idea.
Me: So let's try to understand how this could work. So let's say we have invoices. I have invoices. We're going to have. Blank. Sections. And of course we said it already, right? This is. Oh, this is a question. Should this support like a single transaction is paying for multiple invoices?
François Pradel: That is a good question.
Me: Okay. I don't know how legal that is. But if that's the case, we will have to have like it's an end to end relationship, right? Okay, I'm assuming relational database, by the way. At this moment. So yeah, if that's an option. Basically we need to. Yeah, I guess we can have. Of course, an intermediate input.
François Pradel: If we, if we take a quick step back from the user's perspective and the business logic perspective. Can you give us a few like examples of what the different scenarios could be? You mentioned that could an invoice be. Paid by multiple bank transactions? Can you give us a real life example of when that happens?
Me: I have a client I have been voicing him. He's late for the payments and say, hey cop, you owe me three invoices and they do a single wire transfer for all of them. And maybe they put it in the subject or whatever. And then I have that situation. Right where.
François Pradel: Yes. So that's the, that's the situation where one bank transaction covers. Multiple invoices.
Me: Multiple invoices. Yeah.
François Pradel: Can you be the other. Way around?
Me: Oh yeah, the only way around, I think it's the more common one. Right. I'm a contractor myself. So you might have in pain in different payments. You say, okay, pay me 30% first. And then in 60 days and then in 90 days and those kind of things, I know that your platform, because I had a similar platform to advise here in Italy that they were building. So I analyzed difference and what they do usually is that's why I have this kind of knowledge. I advise as a startup that was telling me I never started. But basically there's also forecasting, right? So when you create some invoices, you want to also create like forecasting for that. So you like a temporal thing that is not actually a bank transaction. But when you want to see the cash flow, you really want to see, okay, I'm supposed to be paid these invoice in 60 days. And that alone would be like kind of potential transactions or something like that at some point needs to become a real transaction and be aligned. I don't remember exactly how I modeled that back then, but I did model that. But yeah, forecasting is something that you will do also from those payments. But maybe you already know. And then there is the unknowns because maybe you put 60 days and the client didn't pay you and pay you in three times because he wanted to and overdo and all those kind of things that I'm sure that you're also the same. Right. Your clients are mostly overdue or this is a great client. This is a bad client, those kind of things. Right. So yeah, for me, the other way around is more common and the one that one single transaction that pays multiple invoices. But it is like a reality is like that. Like it will happen in my opinion. Okay, sorry, I went too long.
François Pradel: Perfect. Thank you.
Me: So yeah. I think I'm oversimplifying this problem to be honest, but okay. Okay. Doesn't okay.
Guillaume Terral: Just to be clear, what do you store in this invoice and transaction? Table? Invoice transaction table.
Me: This would be the intermediate one that I believe also is going to be in my head something that. Also has a state where. I don't know if it's a good idea. I'm going to just say it out loud and maybe it's not. But in my head, it could be just a suggestion, not a real thing. Okay. It couldn't have, so you could say, okay, invoice number three is connected to this. And this is just a suggestion. It's not something that. Is something that you will see when you query this. Okay. But you don't necessarily would see this.
Guillaume Terral: Maybe we can do a, you can give us a quick, very quickly the columns that you see on the table.
Me: Okay.
Guillaume Terral: Same thing that you've done for the transaction row, for instance. So we can better. In mind.
Me: So the invoice is going to have an ID. Okay. And having working with mongo a lot. That's why you can see that I'm going to have more. So my last five years were non-relational databases. So yeah, that's why I'm writing it like this. But yeah, you will have actually, I will write like this. But this is, so you will have your invoice ID. Okay. URD and then you will have all the data, the metadata from this. Most likely this is way more complicated than I'm saying, right? This is probably have the items inside, right and have calculations amounts currencies. This is can go very deep and very complex in my opinion, especially if we add. But yeah, you could have this right. And probably you have also templates and a lot of things that will complicate this a lot more. But yeah, invoices are not going to be just an invoice. The invoice is going to be only the metadata that is related to this particular invoice, which is most likely. The. Account ID. I'm not going to model like pages. Account. It's in account ID as a business idea. Because otherwise it gets messy. Okay. And then we will have also all the metadata for a particular. Number. Because you probably have a number that is not an idea. Of course, if they get real number of an invoice. Number is not a good name, but you know what I mean. And then you will have probably. A lot of relationships. Okay. Payment info ID. So you probably have another table with all your payment information, different account you want people to play. The client. ID. Okay. So the client you are invoicing to basically. And then of course you are going to have all the items. And if this were no relational database, I would save here the total, but I'm not going to do it here. And yeah, all the metadata of date, due date. And probably you will have also what I said, right? All. I think is a very complicated model. Okay. So you will have payments. Installments. I don't know how to call it. And so. Or maybe it could be like a JSON inside here that describes how they do dates right for this when you need to pay them in different chunks. Probably, I don't know 1000 euros in 30 days, etc. Etc. Due date and yeah, those kind of things. Okay.
Guillaume Terral: The invoice table. It's rather the invoice transaction table where I'm still, you know, a bit blurry of what you have in. Mind. I think it's clear for the invoice table.
Me: Repeat.
Guillaume Terral: The column that you plan to add. But I think it's rather for the invoice transaction table where I'm still a bit blurry of which column are you going to have? On the table?
Me: Okay, so this is an intermediate between bank transactions that we can call. Transactions from now on. Okay. A middle table between the invoices and the transactions. Okay, so here you will have. Your own ID, but probably not. So you have. Invoice ID. Transaction ID. And you will have. To think in the UI of this. So how I would see it in the in the UI right now. So probably when you and then you have state. Status. Or margin also you can have a status most likely and matching. Status. So this could be. An enum or something like that that is. Sebastian. Maybe you want to save it. I don't know that if rejected maybe want to learn from this. If it was manually interested or maybe you can have something out. Yeah. So approved would be something that is manually approved. Okay. And then yeah, sorry you were saying.
Guillaume Terral: Oh, it's what's the difference between matching studies and studies?
Me: I'm not sure I was thinking that maybe there's a status of pending somehow or something like that. But that should live in the transactions. I believe. So probably not going to exist. This. Because this is more for saying, okay, these are how these two entities relate. Okay. So yeah, I think that's it. And then the transaction will have what actually status it has. Right. I don't know if this explains a bit. Maybe you can.
François Pradel: Where. Do invoice transaction rows get created from.
Me: Do in transactions. Row created from.
François Pradel: Yes invoice transactions.
Me: This. Oh, oh, this is basically this the grouping services.
François Pradel: Invoice transactions.
Me: The grouping services, the one that is going to do their heuristics that is going to create this relationship between these two entities. I think I'm still missing how you're going to do. I know it's not part of the thing. But if you're going to do forecasting, there is somewhere that you should save this as well. Okay. That you're expecting a payment maybe from sorry from key. I don't know that. But I know it's maybe out of scope. I don't know if you want to go there. Yeah, I think it's a very naive structure. I believe this is way more complicated than modeling right now. But yeah, grouping service is the one that uses the heuristics to match this. But also it can be created manually. As you said, you can do this manually from the UI. And this will create invoice transactions in the middle. So yeah, so maybe this is also where it comes from. If it was created by some user ID or whatever. Who created this and when exactly. Right.
Guillaume Terral: And so you mentioned that those five tables that we have here is going to be stored on a relational database. Right?
Me: Yes. Yes.
Guillaume Terral: And so you interact with the invoice transaction table both. From. The web applications as a user. Use when they say, okay, this invoice is function goes together, but also from the grouping service. Right?
Me: That's never a good idea. No, no, no, not really. The grouping service might. The problem is the grouping service does need. So different services shouldn't share same databases. Okay. Ideally that's what you look for services have their own. If we're talking about microservices, okay, maybe this is a module service inside. And monolith that things change there. Right. But I'm assuming these are different systems. Especially because there's going to be something about reads and writes here. Okay, this is going to be heavily right and this is going to be. I believe that this should be.
François Pradel: If those.
Them: Were.
François Pradel: Sorry, if those were microservices, why shouldn't they share database?
Me: Again. Sorry.
François Pradel: If those were microservices, why shouldn't they share a database? This is not a trick question. What is, what issues are you facing if you share the same database?
Me: Who owns the day and what is the source of truth. That's what you try to look for when you encapsulate things in different services. And if and then like real thing is you don't know what is going on, right? Everyone is touching the same database and it's a mess. That's the real life answer. But the other one is you want to encapsulate and have some ownership over data and then that becomes some kind of source of truth or something else or not. Okay. So that's why you want something this. So probably this is going to be a service of its own and the grouping service is going to just send a message and say, hey, or message or request whatever communication you decide that this should have. I would assume as in communication here. And the logic should be basically the same and the contract is one and you know how and when you need to change things. Basically. That's why. So yeah, so this shouldn't touch it and maybe is. But the thing is this needs to read. Okay, so need to read the invoices. So it needs to get the information from the service. But this service probably the grouping service is going to be. Speaking a bit out loud. So we can. Hear. Something like this. So an option is that this service just ask. Directly to this service and get the answer and you can say, okay, this is going to read replica or something like that. Any connection from this is coming. These queries are going always from a replica. So you don't hit or your main replica. Okay. And you get information. Just read because it shouldn't modify. It shouldn't touch the database. This service would be the owner of this and shouldn't touch it. I don't know if that answers your question.
François Pradel: Why is it a read replica? Is it only to make sure that you're not writing.
Me: Yeah, maybe it's an overkill. Just speaking out.
François Pradel: Can you see what, yeah, can you see one other way you could make sure you're only reading from the database without having to read from a replica?
Me: Permissions.
François Pradel: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay.
Me: That database permissions. Yeah, you can just say this user cannot write. That's it.
François Pradel: All right.
Me: Yeah.
François Pradel: Could you explain what the matching rate is? I think that's an interesting field.
Me: Oh, you said we wouldn't go deep on the heuristics on the matching. But you might want to have your heuristics to have some different certainty of how this approximate like this matching is. Right. So you might look at different things. I know. If the name of the client company matches in a smart way also sometimes you might have. Talking from experience again like when you have invoices, sometimes banks gets a piece of commission and then you don't get the exact amount, but it's still you want to suggest it so that will lower a bit the rate, but you want still to suggest this to the user. So yeah, that would be part of the heuristics algorithm that will match these two things. Usually what you were going to try to do here is saying, okay, who's coming from, what bank account, if you have the identifier of the bank account ID number of the guy, sometimes you don't. So maybe you have only the name and maybe it's in. The recipient like who sent it. So those kind of things. And same could be written also in the description of the bank transfer and you can use that to the heuristics. And for me that's not true or false kind of way. And then how do you decide if this is goes. That's why I put automatic because I feel like sometimes you're kind very certain and you could have this kind of thing and say, okay, I'm doing it for you already. Maybe it's because you're using your entire system, right? Maybe it's your entire bank part with your entire invoicing part. So you kind of have all what you need to match this perfectly. But sometimes you don't. So you put it as a suggestion and maybe you can even give to the user some kind of confidence and then use that as. Also information, right? How would you wear, how you doing? Like also analyze this data afterwards, I believe. Yeah.
Guillaume Terral: Maybe another question because we're reaching at the end soon. Let's assume that as a user. Invoice. Or I create a new transaction. And then I go to the app. Will I have suggestion or do I need to wait?
Me: I mean, nothing is instant, right? Like, and especially if we're talking about millions of transactions or you have million companies, right? So none instant is not going to be instant. Actually probably you have an SLA, right? If someone especially fix turnout, right? Are you saying like manually. Creating it?
Guillaume Terral: What do you think a good SL.
Me: Still. Manually grading inside the system.
Guillaume Terral: A.
Me: I mean how if some if someone is get, you're getting a transaction in your bank.
Guillaume Terral: Mean.
Me: How much time it will reflect in your dashboard in penny.
Guillaume Terral: Yeah, I mean, I get what an SLA is. My question is like, what do you think would be a good SLA in that case?
Me: Lane. So external, I don't know. Honestly depends on how you, if you have to poll this data from the bank account, could be, I don't know it every 15 minutes or so. If you have some web hook or something more. Immediate, you could say, okay, it could be in five minutes you will have it there. But mostly because of all the calling and external API. But if you're doing it internally, it should be almost instant, right? That's what you want. It shouldn't be for the user. It should be like. If you're creating a transaction and saying it's related to this thing is instant. You don't, you don't have heuristics there. But if you only add the transaction only at the invoice. And then of course it will take a couple of minutes. It's true that depends on how you do it. You can depends of how you do it. Because if you have the same pipeline for externals and the same pipeline and talking about the internals. Your message in the queue can get into the queue. So maybe the SLA is going to be the same. If you have a different topic only for your internal things and you created like a workflow only for that because you want priority over that and you have your own workers, that should be almost instant, right? Because message is yeah. But it depends. That's how you architect it internally. Same for backfilling, right? If you were saying, okay probably you don't want to use the same workflow if you are importing two years of bank transactions that the ones that are coming every day from things. So you probably want also priorities, different SLAs for that and the matching and etc is probably a different kind of solution there. Yeah.
Guillaume Terral: Okay, no, I think we added. A query token. We did one layer of complexity to the system in the fact that we now have priorities here, right? Depending if it's external or internal. And.
Me: Back feeling especially right.
François Pradel: We have 18 minutes left. So before we wrap up. Can we take a step back and could you propose a UI? What would the UI look like from the user's perspective?
Me: Yeah.
François Pradel: And like not something fancy like the simplest UI you can think of and how does every element in the proposed architecture play into feeding that U. I?
Me: Okay. I'm kind of cheating because I did this analysis like eight months ago for a competitor. So probably I'm very biased. But cbil, I don't know if you know Sebil from Italy, I think is a direct competitor, but much more than you guys. But yeah.
François Pradel: That's good. Please do. Cheap.
Me: So what you describe is of course you have, okay, I'm going to. Go away from here. Like I think it's very permitted. Okay, let's go. Here. Okay. Screen sidebar. Something when you have all your. Kind of. Invoices and all those kind of things. And then you will have your of course I'm working on the list of transactions and things like that. How you could organize this is you have. Your kind of. Actions and then you have invoices. Invoices and then you have your matchings. Okay, maybe. Okay, so you have a list of all your transactions. The header of it. Okay here. And then you have the table with all your data. And as we said, this is going to have the information that you care of to see here. And then. You probably are going to have some kind of tag where you have your statuses. Right. So. And your matchings as well. Right. If you have a matching. Something like this and you have all the transactions. So this is the list of transactions. And you will have also this is kind of sorry for the bad thing, but this is going to be if it's. Pending or whatever the status you get. Okay. And then all the data.
François Pradel: So yeah, sorry to interrupt, but if I'm looking at the list of transactions.
Me: Yes.
François Pradel: How can I see, how can I see all suggestions for a given transaction?
Me: You cannot like this is this is something that it says okay, you have a is as much with something. Okay. So then maybe you get.
François Pradel: Because. If you go back. If you, if you go back to the exercise and the question we asked. The first question is. When looking at a specific invoice to bank transactions being offered a list. Okay, so what does that UI look like? And I think we're going to stop after that question.
Me: Yeah sorry. So the transaction detail you mean right? Yeah, you can click and you go to a new page or you can open a pop up that gives you like something like slides and gives you the details of the thing. And there you will have all the metadata of your transaction and then you will have another section that would be.
François Pradel: Unless guillem. You have.
Me: The matching. Okay. And you here will have the list of all your matching invoices. Because as we said it could be more than one. Right. And the status of it. If it's approved, if it's probably if it's rejected you don't want to see it here. But you might want to see a detail and then you go and see have more details of the ones that you already rejected because maybe you want to change that. Right. But I would just show you what is useful for you in this pop up and I will show you the ones that are matched so you can access to directly to that invoice. And maybe if it's paid. In next amount, let's say 50% pay this invoice. And then the ones that I suggested and probably. Here you can approve immediately there or rejected. Okay, so. Like upset.
François Pradel: Yeah, that's good. You said you said that you want to show what's useful.
Me: Yeah.
François Pradel: I agree with that. How many matches do you think we should be showing the user?
Me: How many matches here?
François Pradel: Let's say, let's say the grouping service returns 100 potential matches. Which ones would you show the 100.
Me: No hybrid.
François Pradel: How would you choose, how would you choose which one to. Show?
Me: We have the matchings rate that can help us with the suggestion. Okay. So you are organized by that and you say okay five or whatever that the matching rate could help.
François Pradel: Okay. Okay.
Me: I don't know.
François Pradel: Yeah, I think that's good. So sorted by matching. Rate.
Me: Matching rate.
François Pradel: And you would not necessarily display all. You would either set a cutoff or a limit.
Me: Cutoff or maybe you can have something that if the guy clicks and then you load more and you have a pagination but async anyway because also it depends on how you structure it. But yeah or you can have like a bigger detail where you have all these much here probably something like this. Section the matching section but filter by one particular bank account. So you have all the things and you have a proper pagination and everything there. Right. And you can see the details there. Something like that. Yeah.
François Pradel: Perfect. I don't know if you have any follow-up questions.
Guillaume Terral: No, I'm good on my side. Thank you.
François Pradel: Yes, well, thank you so much, Sebastian. Thank you a few seconds to breathe.
Me: Can I stop sharing them?
François Pradel: You can.
Me: Right?
François Pradel: Stop sharing and guillem. Will.
Guillaume Terral: I mean, again, take a couple of seconds to weave. Stop sharing. And then now we have like 15 minutes. So you can ask as many questions as you might have on pine lane and we're happy to answer you with. Franco.
Me: To be honest I was so focused on preparing for it for the technical one. To be honest I haven't been on the other side of this for a long time like seven years or so. So I was but I have been in your place. A lot. So that's why I have my. I know how to use excalidraw very well. But if I have to say so you said that you are going to change to engineer manager told me at the beginning. Or you're already there.
François Pradel: I've been there for a month and a half or two months almost.
Me: Congrats okay. So I heard something that when I talked with a senior engineer manager already and he told me you guys have this kind of reprioritization. You know what I mean sorry for that every month or so and then you can, the squats can change.
François Pradel: Thanks.
Me: Tasks or something like that. How is that from your point of view as manager or as I see basically.
François Pradel: What matters is that. I think you're quite used to that. But one thing that should be obvious is that at any lane, we are very agile because the market is shifting because priorities are shifting. Also because we experience some seasonality in the usage of our product, meaning that we don't do the same thing the whole year. Which means that. We've grown a lot since or I have joined. We are a larger company. That being said. We still operate very much like a startup or scale up in the sense that we don't have. I don't think any squad has six to 12 months roadmap. One thing that is important to state is that we at penny lane, we give. A lot of leeway to the squads to organize themselves as the. Sea fit. Most of the squads will use some kind of shape up methodology if you are familiar with shape. Up, meaning that they will operate on six weeks cycles rather than two weeks as. Sprints. And I would say for those squads most of the time every six weeks. I wouldn't say everything is ruffle. You have a product manager usually which knows what you should be working on next. But you should be ready and you should have the mindset that if there is a priority that arise, maybe the next cycle is you're going to build something that you were not necessarily expecting to build. A month before or so.
Me: Yeah okay I can I kind of understand that like I work in reverse as a startup and we were six developers when I left there were 110. So we had this kind of thing. But I'm talking about the organization you still have your domain knowledge and you try to be in your same domain. It's like you're going to like you said you were first in the part of payments and then your internal service and those kind of things you still maintain that right so kind of you move around your domain. Okay. Okay good good.
François Pradel: Yes. Yeah, yeah. So a squad is typically comprised of what we call a troika, which is a three people. The engineering manager overseeing five to six engineers or let's say four to nine, depending on the size of the squad. The project manager and a product designer. And so those people, they work on a given scope and they don't change scope. If you change the scope, you can squat. That is a process that you can totally do and that people do, but this is like an internal mobility. And so those people, they work on a given scope and they don't change scope. If you change the scope, you can squat. That is a process that you can totally do and that people do, but this is like an internal mobility.
Me: Question completely unrelated is you guys have been here for a long time like foreign four and six years right you said so what do you think are the techno like the technical challenges that today has the company? Aside from the yeah, I got like like sharding on the database something like that and you're growing you're growing too much but something like very big like technical debt. Something like that or you think you have it under control is it something that you plan for also like doing some technical depth every cycle or so. Or how you manage that balance?
François Pradel: And guillem can go next. Yes, so apparently you've heard about sharding. Sharding is a high priority for us right now. I don't think there is. Any technical challenges that we face that we feel is too big for us. Whenever the time comes and whenever it's the right time, we usually dedicate resources to tackle any technical challenges that arise. I would say this is my feeling. This is maybe not official policy, but I feel like our industry is. Very fast changing right now because of AI. And I think we are navigating those waters. I feel like we're navigating them rather well, but it's really hard to know. And to foresee what our job is going to look like in six, 12, 18 months. I would say that it's not like technical debt or it's not a technical challenge per se. But I think that's definitely something that's on the back of our mind. When it comes to smaller technical challenges, we have plenty. But this is our day today and this is things we face. Very often. And when it comes to technical depth specifically, we have a policy. If we identify a bad practice or something that we want to stop doing or code base is so large that we don't try to fix all of the previous offenses. Usually we have a very stop the bleed approach, which means that we will. Put a safeguard in place like either a spec or something like that. In order to prevent new code to be added that would violate that practice. And we just believe that churn like cochere will naturally decrease the number of existing offenses. Yeah. So we wait is the offense. Once again, this is something that can maybe change with AI because you can now do larger refactor that were not either doable or worse the time and effort before. But that's the approach we've been taking. And Guillermo knows a lot more about our technical challenges right now.
Guillaume Terral: Yeah, I mean, I would have given a similar answer. I mean. Honest the main technical changes or the main wall we might face one day is database scalability, which is why we currently explore in sharding and stuff like this to never eat at all. I'm quite confident that sharding will be. Over by the time we potentially hit the wall. So I think it's fine. But other than that, we have like small technical problem or stuff like this, but nothing that. So far we've been really good at tackling those technical problem when we actually face. Them. I don't think we. Companies that. I mean, we try to anticipate a bit, but we don't anticipate too much, which means sometime, you know, we're just being very pragmatic. If it's a problem that we will face, we will solve it. It's a problem that one day we might face. We try to determine if really we might face it or not, but most likely we will just leave it aside and say, okay, let's wait a bit more. And regarding our technical debt, I think it's, as Francois said, we're very strict on. Making sure when we identify a bad pattern, we make sure there is no new occurrences in our code base of that bad pattern. As for tracking all the existing offenses. I think we just let coach handoise job. Also, we try to better document our best practices and stuff like this. And people tend to follow the best practices and not, you know, follow some old code. And I think we. Very align with the fact that. We try to solve. User problem and business problem. We don't try to solve imagery problem. S that are only posed by engineer talking to themselves. While I really like fixing technical debt and live in a sane environment. Sometimes most of the ticketing technical day we would like to. Fix doesn't bring any value to the user. So unfortunately, we leave it aside and. We live with it. It doesn't mean that again, maybe we find some quick way to reduce the cost of insulin such as leveraging AI or leveraging the script. That will help us further and in a way fixing the technical. Depth. Makes you potentially cut faster or bring things faster so we can bring more value to the user. But I mean, depend on the case. Right? So I think we are an environment where. Engineers are here to bring value to the user first. And that's our main priority. Pretty, I would. Say. So it depends. If we have a problem and this problem is user facing because of a lot of issues, it's going to be very. Much prioritized. We're going to do our best to fix it. But so far.
Me: Already tell me that you don't have a big like I'm talking for experience for riverside we took too much time to tackle a big problem that we were seeing coming like performance issues like reliability kind of issues and we're affecting and we have this huge monolith huge database be in touch from everywhere but you telling me this is already telling me that you don't have some that kind of monster that is chasing you. Yeah. Okay.
Guillaume Terral: I mean, we used to, or maybe we, you know, we overcome along the way. Maybe one.
Me: As a startup you kind of go through those phases I believe.
Guillaume Terral: Of the, I mean, for example.
Me: Yeah.
Guillaume Terral: You know, a lot of people told you about. To do about database in report of failure because one day you cannot handle all your request because you simply use to gig or you don't have enough RAM or whatever. And you have all those articles about transaction ID and why you should charge and whatever. But no one, for example, was year one year or one and a half ago and told us that the biggest problem going to have is just a number of connection currently open to the database and having too many open connection is a big issue. And then we need a connection cooler, which makes sense. You know, it's something pretty common, but finding a correct connection pools that work with how you work, which is potentially session viable. Transaction like ending all the variable like transaction timeouts in the transaction timeout or anything is not that easy. And then basically we just implemented a connection poodle in our code base. It talks. Like, I would say three to six months. Now we have one and we don't have this issue in more. So you could see that as a really big issue that we're going to face of all if we don't fix it. But to be honest, I trust our engineering team to identify it and find a solution. So in a way, we have many problem and we don't have that many at the same time.
Me: I understand yeah now if you have no problems whatsoever that's weird right like it's that something is off or you're not looking very well or you're not doing enough but yeah, agree amazing.
Guillaume Terral: I mean, I would say the things we were lucky enough to anticipate to identify, we have a team working on it right in the moment that making progress so we can confident. That it will not be a problem soon. That's why we don't.
Me: Now the other phrase I like is I trust the team that will handle it that that's a nice thing to do because it means that you trust your peers also.
Guillaume Terral: Know.
Me: And technical solutions.
François Pradel: To that. But it's quite strong in our engineering culture to not over engineer a problem like a solution to a problem we don't have. I see too many startups thinking they will. Have a problem because they read a post on hacker news and you need to adopt technology X or y or you're dead.
Me: Yeah the hype go with the hive yeah yeah yeah.
François Pradel: Yes. The height is we are very much, I wouldn't say we're against that, but I feel we are quite resilient to those. Hides. And you say we don't have such a monster. We don't have such a monster. You were facing in terms of problems. But we have a monolith and it's working really well for us. And I would assume it's much larger or maybe not, but we, I would assume it's as large as the ones you've seen in the past. So I don't think it's about, it's about how you approach the environment and how you think about it, I think, rather than being very dogmatic about solution or solution.
Me: No no I wasn't shaming monoliths by no means I was just saying that we knew that it's coming for us and we didn't took care for a long time but yeah I know what you mean.
François Pradel: No, no, no, no, no, no, no. I didn't get that impression.
Me: And also I think what what you guys are describing is very much the product oriented kind of engineering right so you you focus on on not the latest thing out there but the solution. Sorry I took more time that I should yeah I wanted to ask about cultural but I think you both here for a long time and you're talking so well from your peers that I already kind of have my answer there so thank you very much for your time guys.
Guillaume Terral: Right, perfect. Thank you, Sebastian. Basically next step is going to gather a thought with Francois either later today or tomorrow. And then after, I don't remember who's in char. Ge of.
Me: I think.
Guillaume Terral: Us. Okay. So I think Thomas will go back to you. We usually try to move quickly, but it's first day. So hopefully by the end of the week, right? Or big.
Me: Yeah or Monday yeah yeah.
Guillaume Terral: And so then basically either it stop here or either you go to the next round. Which is a good question because. It's been a long time since I've not seen engineering manager interview. But I think it's a.
François Pradel: Product round. Yeah, I think it's a product. Yes.
Guillaume Terral: Probably with one of our other product departments and. Another. I mean, it's a binance in another product manager. You're going to have a product case nothing to prepare and that. S it.
Me: Guys.
Guillaume Terral: So thanks for the discussion. Have a great rest of the day.
François Pradel: Thank you.
Me: Same have a good night.
François Pradel: Bye bye.
